*日本考虑如何处理被捕中国人士*

日本正在考虑如何处置因登上一个有争议岛屿而被逮捕的14名中国活动人士，这一事件使这两个亚洲邻国的关系变得更加紧张。

这些中国活动人士星期三登上这个东海岛屿，并在岛上插中国国旗，唱中国国歌，随后立刻被日方逮捕，被控违反了移民法。

日本将把这些中国活动人士送往冲绳进行讯问。有报道说，日本考虑把他们驱逐出境，以缓解与北京的争端。中国已正式向日本提出交涉，要求无条件释放这些活动人士。

这些无人居住的岛屿被日本和中国分别称为“尖阁列岛”和“钓鱼岛”，近来东京和北京双方经常为这些岛屿发生争执。

*Japan is considering what do with arrested Chinese activists*

Japan is considering what do with 14 Chinese activists who were arrested after landing on a disputed island, further upsetting ties between the two Asian neighbors.

The activists landed Wednesday on the island in the East China Sea, planting a Chinese flag and singing the country's national anthem before being promptly arrested and accused of violating immigration laws.

Japan, which is sending the activists to Okinawa for questioning, is reportedly considering deportation as a way to defuse the feud with Beijing, which has lodged a formal complaint and demanded their unconditional release.

The uninhabited islands, known as Senkaku in Japanese and Diaoyo in Chinese, are a frequent flashpoint between Tokyo and Beijing.

*武装分子致命袭击巴基斯坦空军基地*

装备自动化武器和火箭助推手榴弹的巴基斯坦武装分子袭击了巴基斯坦北部一处大型空军基地，引发激战，造成一名巴基斯坦军人和九名武装分子丧生。

巴基斯坦官员说，星期四经过数小时的战斗，政府军控制住了位于卡姆拉的空军基地。这场战斗还造成该基地指挥官受伤。早些时候的报道称，两名巴基斯坦安全官员被打死。

巴基斯坦塔利班声称对这起袭击事件负责。在过去几年里，这个激进组织袭击了一系列巴基斯坦军事基地。

巴基斯坦军方官员说，这个位于伊斯兰堡西北大约60公里的军事基地和巴基斯坦的核武库没有关联。

*Militants Launch Deadly Assault on Pakistani Airbase*

Militants armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades have attacked a large air force base in northern Pakistan, setting off a fierce battle that ended with one soldier and nine militants dead.

Pakistani officials say the base in Kamra is back under control after several hours of fighting Thursday that also wounded the base's commander. Earlier reports said two Pakistani security officials had been killed.

The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. The militant group has targeted a string of military bases in the past several years.

Pakistani military officials said the base, located about 60 kilometers northwest of Islamabad, has no links to the country's nuclear arsenal.