*日本首相改组内阁*

日本首相野田佳彦进行了他去年上任以来的第三次内阁改组，以图在预计将举行的选举前提升对政府的支持。

野田佳彦星期一宣布了新内阁的组成。他说，这将有助于政府和执政党共同解决国内和外交上的问题。

野田推动把日本的销售税增加一倍，公众对野田政府的支持度下跌。日本和中国正围绕东中国海上一些岛屿的主权而卷入外交纠纷。

日本内阁改组包括更换财务相、国家战略担当相和文部科学相。外相和防卫相留任。

日本一年内必须举行大选，但是野田首相只是说，大选将在近期举行。

上星期，日本主要反对党自民党选举前首相安倍晋三为干事长。安倍在2007年的重要选举失利后，马上以胃病为原因，辞去首相职务。

民意测验显示，安倍晋三的自民党可能会在大选中赢得多数，但是需要同其他政党联盟才能组建联合政府。

*Japanese Prime Minister Reshuffles Cabinet*

Japan's prime minister has reshuffled his Cabinet for a third time since taking office last year as he tries to boost support for the government ahead of expected elections.

Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announced the new lineup Monday, saying it will help the government and the ruling party work together to address domestic and diplomatic issues.

Public support for his government has fallen as the prime minister pushed to double the country's sales tax. Japan is also locked in a diplomatic dispute with China over ownership of islands in the East China Sea.

The Cabinet shakeup includes new ministers of finance, national policy and education. The country's foreign minister and defense minister are keeping their jobs.

Japan must hold a general election within a year, but Prime Minister Noda has said only that it will take place "in the near term."

Last week, Japan's main opposition Liberal Democratic Party elected former prime minister Shinzo Abe as its president.

He abruptly left office in 2007 citing a stomach illness, following a significant election defeat.

Opinion polls suggest Mr. Abe's party would have the edge in a general election, but would also need a coalition partner.

*阿富汗炸弹袭击致14人丧生*

一名自杀炸弹杀手在阿富汗东部袭击了阿富汗和北约联军的联合巡逻队，炸死至少14人。

北约说，星期一袭击中的丧生者包括三名联军军人和他们的翻译，但是没有公布丧生军人的国籍，也没有提供炸弹袭击的详细情况。

当地官员说，炸弹袭击者在霍斯特的一个市场附近骑着摩托车冲入巡逻队伍，并说袭击造成6名平民和四名警察丧生。塔利班说，它为袭击事件负责。

与此同时，北约和阿富汗官员正在针对星期六导致两名美国人和三名阿富汗人丧生的枪战进行调查。双方对所发生的事件有不同说法。数天前，美国领导的联军刚刚放松了对与阿富汗军队进行联合行动的限制。

* Suicide Bomber Kills 14 in Afghanistan *

A suicide bomber has attacked a joint Afghan-NATO patrol in eastern Afghanistan, killing at least 14 people.

NATO says the deaths Monday include three coalition service members and their interpreter. It did not identify the nationalities of the soldier or provide further details on the attack.

Local officials say the bomber rammed a motorcycle into the patrol near a market in the city of Khost. They say the attack also killed six civilians and four police officers.

The Taliban claimed responsibility for the bombing.

Meanwhile, NATO and Afghan officials are investigating a gunbattle Saturday that killed two Americans and three Afghan soldiers. The two sides have given conflicting accounts of that incident, which came days after U.S.-led coalition forces eased restrictions on joint operations with their Afghan allies.