**纽兰：乌克兰停火协议充分落实之前，不会解除对俄制裁**

美国一位高级外交官员表示，针对俄罗斯参与乌克兰危机的制裁，在有关乌克兰的不断遭到破坏的停火协议彻底落实之前，不会停止。

美国助理国务卿纽兰星期六同时还警告莫斯科，进一步违犯明斯克协议将给俄罗斯政府带来更多的“代价”。

纽兰是在于乌克兰首都基辅召开的一次由乌克兰和其他一些国家的政商界领袖出席对策会议上，发表上述讲话的。

她说：“一旦明斯克协议完全得到落实，包括乌克兰领土得以恢复完整，我们可以开始撤销一些制裁。”

美国和欧盟指责莫斯科在背后煽动乌克兰东部亲俄罗斯的反叛活动，并实施了一系列针对俄罗斯军事以及后勤方面参与的制裁方案。

Russian Sanctions to Remain Until Ukraine Truce Fully Honored

A top U.S. diplomat says sanctions against Russia for its role in the Ukraine crisis will remain in place until a long-violated truce agreement is fully honored.

U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland also warned Saturday that Moscow will pay "more costs" for future violations of the Minsk peace deal.

Nuland spoke in the Ukraine capital, Kyiv, to a gathering of Ukrainian and foreign political and business dignitaries.

"If and when Minsk is fully implemented, including [the] return of Ukraine sovereignty of its border, we can begin to roll back some sanctions," she said.

The United States and the European Union have accused Moscow of stoking the 17-month pro-Russian rebellion in Ukraine's east, and have imposed a series of economic sanctions aimed at deterring Russian military and logistical involvement.

耶路撒冷阿克萨清真寺爆发冲突

巴勒斯坦人和以色列警察星期天在耶路撒冷阿克萨清真寺所在地爆发冲突。第二天即将迎来犹太新年。

骚乱是在警方进入清真寺所在地之后爆发的。警方进入清真寺是为了搜寻早些时候把自己锁在清真寺里，并向警察投掷石块和照明弹的巴勒斯坦人。以色列当局使用了催泪瓦斯，并向巴勒斯坦青年投掷了眩晕手榴弹。

对于阿克萨清真寺拥有监护权的约旦，谴责了以色列的突击搜捕行动，指责以色列这个犹太国家对中东地区最敏感的圣地之一，采取了“挑衅和企图改变现状”的行为。

按照目前对这座清真寺所在地的限制措施，犹太人可以进入那里，但是由于担心和穆斯林敬拜者发生摩擦和冲突，犹太人不能在那里祷告。

星期天的暴力事件平息之后，这座清真寺重新向游人开放。

Clashes Rock Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque

Palestinians and Israeli police clashed at the al-Aqsa mosque compound in Jerusalem Sunday, the eve of Rosh Hashana, the Jewish new year.

The fracas broke out after police entered the compound in pursuit of Palestinians who earlier had barricaded themselves in the mosque and had thrown rocks and flares at police. The Israeli authorities used tear gas and threw stun grenades at Palestinian youths.

Jordan, which has custodian rights over the mosque, condemned the Israel raid, accusing the Jewish state of "provocations" and "attempts to change the status quo" of one of the most sensitive holy sites in the Mideast.

Under current strictures on the site, Jews can visit it but not pray there for fear it would create friction with Muslim worshippers.

The mosque was reopened to visitors after Sunday's violence was quelled.