俄罗斯对普京的对头颁发国际逮捕令

俄罗斯一家法庭对前尤科斯石油公司总裁、俄罗斯总统普京的批评人士米哈伊尔·霍多尔科夫斯基发出国际逮捕令。

霍多尔科夫斯基现居伦敦，俄罗斯警方指控他下令杀害了一个西伯利亚石油城的市长。

霍多尔科夫斯基否认有关指控。他星期三透过社交媒体说，这些指控是对他从事民主运动的报复。

霍多尔科夫斯基2003年被捕，被判犯有逃税和欺诈罪，为此坐牢10年。霍多尔科夫斯基表示，他受到这些指控是因为他向政治反对派提供财政支持。

霍多尔科夫斯2013年获释后一直流亡海外。他开创了一个名为“开放俄罗斯”的民主运动，目的是推动俄罗斯政治改革。

他星期三被控出于经济利益谋杀了涅夫捷尤甘斯克市市长拉基米尔·别图霍夫。俄罗斯警方星期二突袭了莫斯科几处与“开放俄罗斯”有关联的地点。

Russia Issues International Warrant for Putin Rival

A Russian court has issued an international arrest warrant for Mikhail Khodorkovsky, former Yukos Oil chief and critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Russian police accuse Khodorkovsky, who is now based in London, of ordering the killing of the mayor of a Siberian oil town.

Khodorkovsky denies the charges. On Wednesday he said via social media that the charges are a response to his pro-democracy work.

The businessman was arrested in 2003 and convicted of tax evasion and fraud. Khodorkovsky says those charges -- which resulted in a decade in prison -- were motivated by his financial support of the political opposition.

Since his release in 2013, Khodorkovsky has lived in exile and founded a pro-democracy movement called Open Russia, aimed at Russian political reform.

Khodorkovsky was accused Wednesday of ordering the murder of Vladimir Petukhov, mayor of the town of Nefteyugansk, for financial gain. On Tuesday, Russian police raided some Moscow locations linked to Open Russia.

首位公开性取向的美国同性恋女军人阵亡

美国一支巡逻队星期一在阿富汗南部遭到塔利班自杀炸弹杀手的袭击，阵亡军人中包括第一位公开性倾向的美国同性恋女军人。

五角大楼说， 36岁的空军少校弗德布拉吉是在爆炸中阵亡的六名军人之一。

2012年，弗德布拉吉与她的同性伴侣拉姆结婚。奥巴马总统废除实行近20年的“不问不说”的政策后，她是最先结婚的美国同性恋军人之一。按照“不问不说”政策的规定，公开性取向的同性恋者不能在美国军队中服役。

算上这次阵亡的六个人，今年美军在阿富汗作战行动中的阵亡将士总人数增至10人。另外还有10名驻阿美军属于非战斗死亡，包括几起直升机坠毁。

目前仍有9800名美国军人留驻阿富汗，为阿富汗军队提供咨询和帮助。美国领导的北约联军一年前结束了在阿富汗的战斗行动。五角大楼的数据显示，共有2349名美国军人在这场历时13年的战争中死亡。

First Openly Gay American Female Officer Killed

Among those killed Monday when a Taliban suicide bomber attacked a patrol in southern Afghanistan was the first openly gay female U.S. soldier to die in combat.

The Pentagon identified 36-year-old Air Force Major Adrianna Vorderbruggen as one of the six troops killed in the blast.

In 2012, she married her partner Heather Lamb in what was one of the first marriages involving an openly gay service member since President Barack Obama repealed the nearly 20-year-old "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy. That rule kept openly gay people from serving in the U.S. military.

The six deaths bring the number of American soldiers killed in action in Afghanistan this year to 10. Another 10 have been killed in non-combat situations, including multiple helicopter crashes.

There are still 9,800 U.S. troops in the country as part of a mission to advise and assist Afghan troops. The U.S.-led NATO combat mission in the country ended a year ago after 13 years and 2,349 American deaths, according to Pentagon data.