以色列前总理即将入狱

以色列最高法院星期二部分推翻了对以色列前总理奥尔默特贪污受贿的指控，并将他的刑期从6年降至18个月。

奥尔默特对此表示欣慰，并表示他的心头卸下了一副沉重的负担。

现年70岁的前总理奥尔默特两年前被一家下级法院判定收受贿赂的罪名成立。他被指控受贿数万美元，支持耶路撒冷一处有争议的房地产工程项目。他当时还是耶路撒冷市的市长，是在2006年担任总理之前。

奥尔默特对这一指控表示否认。

他说，“从来没有人要贿赂我，我也从来没有接受过贿赂。”

虽然以色列最高法院部分推翻了对他的受贿指控，但也维持了其他一些指控。因此，奥尔默特将成为以色列第一位入狱的前总理。

以色列国家检察官本阿里说，正义得到了伸张。她说，“这一案件成为以色列反腐败战争的分水岭。”她说，以色列司法制度发出了一个强烈的信号-- “没有人可以超越法律。”

Former Israeli PM Olmert Headed to Prison

Israel's Supreme Court Tuesday partially overturned a bribery conviction against former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. His sentence was reduced from six years to 18 months in prison.

Olmert expressed relief, saying a great burden has been lifted from his heart.

The ex-prime minister, who is 70, was convicted two years ago by a lower court of accepting tens of thousands of dollars in bribes to promote a controversial real-estate project in Jerusalem. This allegedly occurred when he served as the mayor of Jerusalem, prior to becoming prime minister in 2006.

Olmert denies it.

He says, “I was never offered and I never took a bribe.”

Nevertheless, while the Supreme Court overturned some of the bribery charges, it upheld others. Therefore, Olmert will become the first former Israeli leader to spend time behind bars.

State Prosecutor Liat Ben Ari says justice was served.

She says “the case represents a watershed in the war against corruption in Israel.” The justice system, Ben Ari says, has sent a strong message that “no one is above the law.”

韩国送还 3 名朝鲜渔民

韩国星期二表示，有关当局送还了3名朝鲜渔民。他们是从朝鲜半岛东海上一艘失去动力的船上被营救的。

韩国统一部发表声明说，这些渔民“表示了他们要回家的愿望”，因此星期二晚上在板门店停战村被交给了朝鲜方面。

韩国统一部说，这些渔民的船是从元山出发的，后来在海上发动机出现故障，开始漂流。

韩国船只时常救起朝鲜渔民，有些人被救起之后要求在韩国避难。

朝鲜和韩国60多年前朝鲜战争战斗结束后一直处于分裂状态。重兵防守的非军事区把两边隔离开来。人们在未经许可的情况下不能穿越非军事区到对面去。

South Korea Repatriates 3 North Korean Fishermen

South Korea said Tuesday it repatriated three North Korean fishermen who had been rescued from their hobbled boat in the East Sea.

A South Korean unification ministry statement said the fishermen “expressed their wish to return home” and were handed back to North Korea Tuesday evening in the border village of Panmunjeom.

The ministry said their boat had originally departed from the port city of Wonsan before experiencing engine failure and beginning to drift.

South Korean vessels periodically rescue North Korean fishermen, some of whom request asylum in the South.

North and South Korea have been divided since the end of fighting in the Korean War more than 60 years ago. They are separated by a heavily guarded demilitarized zone that prevents unauthorized travel between the two sides.