**教宗方济各主持弥撒纪念种族灭绝屠杀一百年**

罗马天主教宗方济各主持弥撒，纪念大批亚美尼亚人被屠杀100周年。教宗方济各在星期天的特别祈祷中使用了“种族灭绝屠杀”的措辞。这很可能严重影响梵蒂冈和土耳其之间的关系。

教宗方济各在圣彼得教堂的弥撒中说，在第一次世界大战期间，奥斯曼土耳其人杀死150万亚美尼亚人的行为是20世纪第一次“种族灭绝屠杀”。

他对参加弥撒的信众说，掩盖或否认恶行如同任由伤口流血，不予包扎。

土耳其坚决否认有种族灭绝屠杀发生，并说死亡人数被大大夸大，死者都是由于内战和骚乱而丧生。

前罗马天主教宗约翰保罗二世和亚美尼亚主教曾经在2000年发表联合声明，把亚美尼亚人的被杀称为种族灭绝屠杀，但是这个措辞是第一次在圣彼得大教堂的弥撒中使用。

Pope Francis Calls Armenian Massacre, 'Genocide'

Pope Francis marked the 100th anniversary of the mass killing of Armenians, using the word "genocide" during a special ceremony on Sunday. The term is likely to severely strain diplomatic ties with Turkey.

Francis said during a Mass at Saint Peter's Basilica that the killing of around 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turks about the time of World War One was "the first genocide of the 20th century."

He told the congregation that "concealing or denying evil is like allowing a wound to keep bleeding without bandaging it."

Turkey angrily denies that the massacre constituted genocide, saying that the toll has been inflated and that those killed were victims of civil war and unrest.

Pope John Paul the Second and the Armenian patriarch issued a joint statement in 2000 calling the massacre "genocide," but Sunday was the first time the word had been used during a Mass in Saint Peter's Basilica.


**克林顿预计正式宣布竞选总统*

前美国国务卿希拉里.克林顿预计星期天正式宣布她计划在2016年选举中竞选总统。了解克林顿计划的人士对媒体说，克林顿计划通过社交媒体发布视频，宣布竞争民主党的总统候选人提名。消息人士说，克林顿随后将前往包括爱荷华和新罕布什尔等最早举行初选的州。

这将是克林顿2008年竞争民主党提名失利后的再次竞选努力。奥巴马赢得了民主党提名，并赢得大选，入主白宫。克林顿这次被非常看好将赢得民主党的提名。

一项最近的盖洛普民意调查显示，受访者中48%的人对克林顿印象良好。这是她2008年以来最低的支持率。42%的受访者不看好克林顿。如果这次当选总统，克林顿将成为美国第一位女性总统。

共和党籍的两位参议员，科鲁兹和保罗已经宣布将角逐共和党的总统候选人提名。广泛预计，卢比奥参议员星期一将宣布参选。预计将有多名共和党人加入竞争总统提名人的行列，包括前佛罗里达州长杰布.布什和威斯康辛州长沃克。

Hillary Clinton to Join 2016 Presidential Race

Hillary Clinton is expected Sunday to formally announce her intention to run for president in the 2016 election.

The former secretary of state will announce her campaign for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination with an online video posted on social media, sources familiar with her plans told media outlets. They said she will then make stops in key early voting states, including Iowa and New Hampshire.

It will be Clinton's second presidential bid after her failed effort in 2008, when Barack Obama won the party's nomination on his way to becoming president. Clinton is considered a huge favorite to win the Democrats' nomination this time.

A recent Gallup poll found 48 percent of those surveyed have a favorable impression of Clinton, her lowest rating since 2008. Forty-two percent of those polled had an unfavorable rating of her.

If elected, the former first lady would be the nation's first female president.

On the Republican side, Senators Ted Cruz and Rand Paul have announced their intention to run for their party's nomination, and Senator Marco Rubio is widely expected to join them on Monday. Others expected to join what analysts say will be a crowded Republican field include former Florida governor Jeb Bush and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker.