加拿大欢迎叙利亚难民

加拿大欢迎第一批乘飞机抵达的叙利亚难民。

星期四晚间，加拿大军用飞机运载163名叙利亚人抵达多伦多。

这些难民抵达加拿大时，加拿大总理特鲁多、移民部长、卫生部长、国防部长、安大略省省长韦恩以及多伦多市长托利都到机场迎接。

特鲁多说，“今天晚上太好了，加拿大向世界展示了怎样诚心接纳那些逃离极端艰难处境的人们。”

加拿大计划在明年2月底之前接纳2万5千名难民。

加拿大接纳叙利亚难民的态度与美国形成对照，在美国，一名总统参选人、几名州长以及很多普通民众都直言不讳地表明立场，认为不应该允许难民进入美国。

Canada Welcomes Syrian Refugees

Canada has welcomed its first planeload of Syrian refugees.

The Canadian military plane carrying 163 Syrians arrived late Thursday in Toronto.

The refugees were greeted upon their arrival by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, the ministers of immigration, health and defense, Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and Toronto Mayor John Tory.

Trudeau said "This is a wonderful night . . . we get to show the world how to open our hearts and welcome in people who are fleeing extraordinarily difficult situations."

Canada is set to welcome 25,000 refugees by the end of February.

Canada's embrace of the refugees is in contrast to the United States where a presidential candidate, several governors and ordinary citizens have been very vocal in their stance that the refugees should not be allowed into the country.

韩朝举行高层会谈

朝鲜和韩国举行了近两年来的首次高层会谈，双方都表示愿意改善长期以来的紧张关系。

这次副部长级会谈于星期五在开城工业园区举行。开城工业园区位于朝鲜半岛非军事区的北方一侧。

韩国统一部副部长黃富起和朝鲜和平统一委员会书记局副局长田钟秀在会谈开始时握手，显示了乐观的态度。

这次会谈没有正式议事日程，外界也不期待会谈将取得重大突破，不过据信双方都有各自明确的目的。

预计平壤将敦促首尔恢复韩国人对朝鲜旅游胜地金刚山的观光活动。2008年一名韩国人在金刚山被杀后，首尔取消了前往该地区的观光。

首尔希望平壤同意更经常地安排韩战离散家庭团聚活动。上次团聚活动是10月举行的。

North, South Korea Hold High-Level Talks

North and South Korea have held high-level talks for the first time in nearly two years, with both sides expressing a desire to improve long-strained ties.

The vice ministerial-level meeting was held Friday at the Kaesong industrial complex, just north of the tense demilitarized zone separating the two countries.

South Korean Vice Unification Minister Hwang Boo-gi and his North Korean counterpart, Jon Jong Su, struck an optimistic tone as they shook hands at the beginning of the dialogue.

There is no official agenda for the talks, and no significant breakthroughs are expected, though each side is thought to have clear goals.

Pyongyang is expected to push for the resumption of South Korean tours to its scenic Mount Kumgang resort. The South canceled the tours in 2008 after a South Korean was killed there.

Seoul wants the North to agree to more frequent reunions between North and South Koreans separated by the two countries' 1950s conflict. The last such meeting was held in October.