布拉特和普拉蒂尼8年不得参与足球运动

国际足联道德委员会禁止四面楚歌的足联主席布拉特和他一度大力提携的普拉蒂尼8年内涉足足球运动。

该委员会星期一就布拉特在2011年向欧洲足协主席普拉蒂尼支付200万美元的问题宣布了上述禁令。瑞士的检察官已经就此展开刑事调查。

这一禁令很可能使普拉蒂尼在明年2月国际足联选举新主席时接替布拉特职务的努力偏离轨道。布拉特和普拉蒂尼都否认有任何违法行为，预计将向国际足联上诉委员会和体育仲裁法庭提出上诉。

由于这笔引发争议的付款，布拉特和普拉蒂尼自今年10月开始被暂时停职。

国际足联14名官员今年5月在苏黎世被逮捕，美国对他们提出将近50项罪名的正式指控，包括诈骗，电信诈骗和洗钱。国际足联因此陷入丑闻。瑞士官员另外展开刑事调查，调查事项涉及国际足联挑选俄罗斯和卡塔尔主办2018年和2022年的世界杯赛。

Blatter, Platini Banned From Football for 8 Years

The ethics committee of football's ((soccer)) governing body FIFA has banned embattled President Sepp Blatter and his one-time protege from the sport for eight years.

The committee took the action against Blatter and Michel Platini, the head of the Union of European Football Association ((UEFA)) on Monday over a $2 million payment Blatter made to Platini in 2011. Swiss prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into the payment.

The ban will likely derail Platini's bid to succeed Blatter when elections are held in February. Both men, who have denied any wrongdoing, are expected to appeal to the FIFA appeals committee and the Court of Arbitration for Sport.

Blatter and Platini had both been provisionally banned since October because of the controversial payment.

FIFA has been embroiled in scandal after 14 FIFA officials were arrested in Zurich in May and charged in the United States with nearly 50 counts of corruption, including racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering. Swiss officials have also opened a separate criminal investigation involving FIFA's selection of Russia and Qatar to host the World Cup tournaments in 2018 and 2022 respectively.

印度最高法院驳回要求继续拘禁强奸犯的上诉

印度最高法院驳回了要求继续监禁一名年轻男子的上诉。2012年，六名男子野蛮强奸一名年轻女性，这名男子是其中一人。

法院星期一说，依照现行法律，拘禁期不能超过三年。

其他五名男子已被判刑，但这名年轻男子犯案时只有17岁，所以被送入教养所拘禁三年，按照印度法律，三年是教养拘禁的最长期限。

德里保护女性权益委员会提出上诉，要求继续拘禁这名现年20岁的男子。

该委员会在上诉书中说，印度政府并未提出任何证据来表明这名男子的心理状态已得到转变，而罪恶扭曲的心理状态将使其继续对女性构成严重威胁。

Indian Supreme Court Rejects Appeal to Keep Rapist in Custody

India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal to keep a young man in prison. He was one of six males who brutally raped a young woman in 2012.

The court said Monday "Under the present law, detention cannot be extended beyond three years."

Five of the men were sent to prison, but the youngest, who was 17 at the time, was sent to a correctional facility for three years; the maximum term allowed under Indian law.

The Delhi Commission for Women filed the petition to keep the young man, who is now 20, in custody.

DCW wrote in its petition the Indian government has not submitted any material "to establish that the mental state of the respondent has been reformed . . .the respondent continues to have criminal/perverse bent of mind which poses a serious threat to women."