预计阿道夫·希特勒宣言式自传《我的奋斗》明年将在德国出版发行。自这个发动第二次世界大战并制造种族大屠杀的独裁者死后，这将是德国首次出版《我的奋斗》。

反犹太人统治者希特勒于1945年自杀身亡，至今70年的版权有效期期满，手稿进入公共领域，然而，有关出版两卷评注本《我的奋斗》的计划引发了德国公众的争议。

犹太人组织说，《我的奋斗》是一本危险的书，永远不应在德国再版。但出版商说，《希特勒，我的奋斗。评论版》提供了希特勒仇恨言论的背景，解释了20世纪这个最臭名昭著的恶徒如何形成他的想法，并指出其论点的荒谬。

出于对二战期间死于纳粹集中营的数百万犹太人、吉普赛人和其他人的尊重，德国自1945年以来一直没有出版《我的奋斗》。不过，一些国家用其他文字出版过这本书。

随着希特勒权力上升，《我的奋斗》获得普及。在1945年希特勒死时，该书已有18种文字版本，共售出约1200万册。

Fate of Hitler Manifesto is Challenged in Germany

Adolf Hitler's manifesto Mein Kampf is expected to be published in Germany next year for the first time since the death of the World War II dictator held responsible for the Holocaust.

With the expiration of a 70-year copyright hinged on the 1945 suicide death of the anti-Semitic ruler, the manuscript enters the public domain, and plans to publish an annotated version of the two-volume work in German have sparked public controversy.

Jewish groups say the work, which outlines the development of Hitler's anti-Semitism, is dangerous and should never be published in Germany again. But the publishers of Hitler, Mein Kampf. A Critical Edition say their version surrounds the hate speech of Adolf Hitler with context, explaining how the most famous villain of the 20th century formed his ideas and pointing out the flaws and untruths in his arguments.

Mein Kampf has not been published in German since 1945, out of respect for the millions of Jews, Roma, and others who died in Nazi concentration camps during the war. It has been available in other languages, published in other countries.

The work rose in popularity as Hitler gained power, reaching sales of some 12 million copies in 18 languages by his death in 1945.

**昂山素季与缅总统讨论权力交接问题**

缅甸民主运动领袖昂山素季星期三与吴登盛总统举行会谈，讨论平稳交接权力的问题。经过近50年的军人统治后，缅甸将成立第一个经民主选举产生的政府。

诺贝尔和平奖得主昂山素季与即将卸任的吴登盛在首都内比都的总统官邸进行了短时间会晤。这是昂山素季推动展开“全国和解”对话的组成部分。昂山素季计划于星期三晚些时候会见缅甸军方首脑敏昂莱将军。

缅甸现行宪法规定，军方将控制议会中25%的席位以及几个关键的政府部门，包括国防部、内政部和边境安全部。

很多缅甸人担心军方会仿照1990年的做法，无视选举结果，继续掌权。1990年，民盟在选举中大获全胜后，军方拒绝接受选举结果，并将昂山素季软禁。

但吴登盛和敏昂莱都已保证接受11月的选举结果。

Aung San Suu Kyi Holds Transition Talks with Myanmar President

Myanmar democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi held talks Wednesday with President Thein Sein to discuss a smooth and peaceful transfer of power to the country's first democratically-elected government after nearly five decades of military-rule.

The brief meeting between the Nobel Peace laureate and the outgoing president at his residence in the capital, Naypyitaw, was part of Aung San Suu Kyi's push for for "national reconciliation" talks. She plans to meet with General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military chief, later Wednesday.

Under Myanmar's current constitution, the military retains control of 25 percent of all parliamentary seats, as well as control of several key government posts, including defense, interior and border security.

Many in the country fear the military will ignore the results of last month's election and maintain its grip on power, just as it did in 1990, when it cast aside a landslide victory by the NLD and put Aung San Suu Kyi under house arrest for the next 20 years.

But the president and Hlaing have pledged to accept the results of the November election.