印度总理访问巴基斯坦

印度总理莫迪抵达巴基斯坦，在事先没有宣布的情况下，访问印度的劲敌邻国巴基斯坦，并会晤巴基斯坦总理。这是12年来印度总理首次访问巴基斯坦。

莫迪星期五早些时候在阿富汗停留期间做出上述宣布。他说，他“期待会晤”巴基斯坦总理谢里夫。

莫迪在东部城市拉合尔的机场受到谢里夫的欢迎。两位领导人立即登上直升飞机，前往他们预计举行正式会谈的地点。

两个星期前，这两位领导人在巴黎一个国际气候会议上进行了短暂交谈，首次恢复两国间高层接触。

巴基斯坦1947年与印度分离以来，这两个拥有核武器的邻国关系一直紧张。两国都是脱离英国殖民统治独立建国的。

Indian PM Visits Pakistan

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived in Pakistan to meet with his counterpart on a previously unannounced visit to India's rival neighbor; the first such visit in 12 years.

Modi announced the visit earlier Friday during a stop in Afghanistan, saying he was "looking forward to meeting" with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.

Modi was received by Sharif at the airport in the eastern city of Lahore. The two leaders immediately boarded a helicopter to be flown to the venue where they are expected to hold formal talks.

The two leaders first resumed high-level contact between the two nations with a brief conversation two weeks ago in Paris at an international climate conference.

Relations between the nuclear neighbors have been strained for the entirety of Pakistan's existence, after it split off from India in 1947, both gaining independence from Britain.

美国总统参选人对媒体报道的驱逐非法移民计划做出反应

美国总统参选人们对媒体报道的美国可能从明年1月初开始驱逐非法移民家庭一事做出反应。

在民主党总统候选人提名竞争中居于领先地位的前国务卿希拉里·克林顿说，她对有关美国国土安全部可能开始首次大规模驱逐非法移民的报道感到“非常担忧”。希拉里·克林顿的竞选团队星期四表示，她“认为至关重要的是让每个人都得到全面而公正的听证机会，而且美国要为那些需要的人提供庇护”。

希拉里·克林顿的民主党竞争对手桑德斯星期四说，有关报道使他感到“非常不安”。这位参议员发表声明说：“我们的国家向来都是希望的灯塔，是受压迫者的避难所。我们必须采取步骤，保护来到这里寻求庇护的儿童及其家庭，而不是把他们赶走。”

在共和党总统参选人竞争中居于领先地位的房地产大亨，电视真人秀明星川普发推特称这是他的功劳，正是由于他向政府施加压力，有关部门才会考虑驱逐非法移民的计划。他表示，是驱逐非法移民的时候了。

US Presidential Candidates React to Reported Deportation Plan

U.S. presidential candidates are reacting to published reports that the United States could begin deporting families who are in the country illegally by early January.

Democratic front-runner and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton said she has "real concerns" about the reports that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security could begin its first large-scale effort to eject illegal immigrants. Clinton's campaign said Thursday that she "believes it is critical that everyone has a full and fair hearing, and that our country provides refuge to those that need it."

Clinton's primary Democratic rival, Senator Bernie Sanders, said Thursday that he is "very disturbed" by the reports. In a statement, the senator said, "Our nation has always been a beacon of hope, a refuge for the oppressed. . . . We need to take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here, not cast them out."

The Republican front-runner, real estate mogul and reality television star Donald Trump, took credit for the news in a Tweeted reaction, saying the deportation plan is being considered because he pressured the government to do it. "It's about time!" he said.