叙利亚人依罕见协议撤离三个乡镇

一个人权监督组织说，战斗人员和平民正在从三个叙利亚乡镇撤离。此前，叙利亚政府和反政府武装组织在联合国的支持下达成了一项人道协议。

总部设在英国的叙利亚人权了望台说，扎巴达尼的100多名战斗人员正前往黎巴嫩和土耳其，然后他们将回到叙利亚的其他地区。扎巴达尼是反政府武装在黎巴嫩边界附近的最后一个据点。叙利亚人权了望台说，300多名平民和战斗人员正在撤离弗阿村和法尔亚村。

与此同时，有关当局说，中部城市霍姆斯发生连环爆炸，造成数人死亡，多人受伤。目前还没有人宣称对袭击事件负责。

自叙利亚冲突2011年爆发以来，已造成25万多人死亡，400多万人逃离叙利亚。

Syrians in 3 Towns Evacuate Under Rare Deal

A human rights monitor says the evacuation of fighters and civilians is under say in three Syrian towns after a U.N.-backed humanitarian deal was reached between the government and rebels.

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says more than 100 fighters in Zabadani, the last rebel bastion on Syria's border with Lebanon, are headed to Lebanon and Turkey before they will be returned to other parts of Syria. The monitor says more than 300 civilians and fighters are leaving the villages of Foua and Kfarya.

Elsewhere in Syria, authorities say several people were killed and many others wound in twin bombings in the central city of Homs. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack.

More than 250,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict, which has forced more than 4 million others to flee the country since it began in 2011.

伊拉克军队夺回拉马迪

伊拉克军队星期一清查拉马迪的街道，寻找爆炸物以及伊斯兰国激进分子可能在败退之前布设的饵雷。

伊拉克政府军星期日攻占该地区后，向政府办公区的中心地带推进。今年5月，伊斯兰国激进分子控制了安巴尔省首府拉马迪。

伊拉克部队说，可能仍有零星伊斯兰国激进分子隐藏在市内。但是有关当局说，自激进分子星期日逃走后，军队没有遇到任何抵挡。目前没有可靠的伤亡数字报道。

目前也不清楚拉马迪市中心有多少平民。但伊拉克发言人说，大多数居民都在附近一家医院避难。拉马迪位于巴格达以西100公里。

经过数月准备后，伊拉克军队上周在以美国为首的联军空袭支援下向拉马迪市中心推进，协力从伊斯兰国激进分子手中夺回这座城市。

Iraqi Forces Reclaim Ramadi

Iraqi forces are carefully sweeping the streets of the city Monday, searching for explosives and any other booby traps possibly set by Islamic State militants before they lost control of the city.

Troops were working toward the center of the government compound after securing the area on Sunday. IS militants had captured the city - the capital of Anbar province - in May.

Iraqi forces say pockets of jihadists may remain. Authorities say, however, the troops faced no resistance since jihadists fled on Sunday. There have been no reliable casualty reports.

It is also still not clear how many civilians remain in central Ramadi, 100 kilometers west of Baghdad. But an Iraqi spokesman has said most residents had taken shelter at a nearby hospital.

After months of preparation, Iraqi forces backed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes pushed into the center of the city last week in a concerted effort to recapture the city from Islamic state fighters.