美国考虑开始驱逐非法移民的计划

有媒体报道，美国国土安全部可能从明年1月初开始驱逐非法移民家庭。

华盛顿邮报星期三晚间报道说，美国有关当局正准备展开一系列突袭，目标是自去年年初以来非法进入美国的家庭。

华盛顿邮报援引匿名消息人士的话说，美国移民及海关执法局最早将于2016年1月在全国范围内展开驱逐行动。

报道说，这将是美国当局首次采取大规模行动，驱逐去年以来越过南部边界非法进入美国的10万多个家庭。其中很多家庭进入美国是为了逃离中美洲的暴力。

不过，华盛顿邮报也表示，预计这次行动只针对那些已被移民法官勒令离境的成人及儿童，而且这项行动尚未得到国土安全部的最后批准。

US Mulls Plan to Begin Deporting Illegal Immigrants

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security could begin deporting families in the country illegally by early January, according to a published report.

The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that the U.S. is preparing a series of raids that would target families who have come to the United States illegally since the start of last year.

The paper, citing unnamed sources, says the nationwide campaign by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement could start as early as January 2016.

The report says it would be the first large-scale effort to deport the more than 100,000 families who have entered the country through the southern border since last year. Many of those families were fleeing violence in Central America.

But the Post says the operation is expected to target only adults and children who have already been ordered by an immigration judge to leave the country, and the operation has not been given final approval by the Department of Homeland Security.

叙利亚官员: 叙愿意参加和谈

叙利亚外长穆阿利姆表示，叙利亚愿意“在没有任何外国干预”的情况下参加在日内瓦举行的和谈。将近一周前，联合国安理会批准了一项旨在结束叙利亚内战的国际叙利亚和平进程方案。

穆阿利姆在北京与中国外长王毅举行会谈后，对记者做出了上述表示。穆阿利姆说，叙利亚代表团一收到反对派代表团名单，就随时准备参加和谈。

穆阿利姆补充说，叙利亚政府希望能通过对话帮助叙利亚组建一个全国团结政府。

穆阿利姆没有解释他所说的“外国干预”的含义。

和谈最早可能在明年1月开始。

Syrian Official: Syria is "Ready to Participate" In Peace Talks

Syria's foreign minister Walid Muallem says his country is ready to participate in peace talks in Geneva, "without any foreign interference," nearly a week after the United Nations Security Council approved a plan for an international Syrian peace process aimed at ending its civil war.

Foreign Minister Walid Muallem made the comments to reporters following a meeting in Beijing with his Chinese counterpart, Wang Yi. Muallem said the Syrian delegation will be ready as soon as it receives a list of the members of the opposition's delegation.

He added that the government hopes the dialogue will be successful in helping Syria establish a national unity government.

Muallem did not explain what he meant by "foreign interference."

Talks could begin as soon as January.