面对恐怖袭击警告，世界各地加强戒备迎新年

世界各地许多城市在准备迎新年的公开庆祝活动之际，加强保安措施，以应对可能的恐怖主义威胁。

澳大利亚悉尼市是全球最早迎新年的城市之一。悉尼市准备举行有史以来规模最盛大的焰火晚会。价值五百一十万美元的7吨焰火将在12分钟内燃放。

但是印度尼西亚首都雅加达今年处于高度戒备状态。警方早先发现有人策划对雅加达迎新年的活动发动恐怖袭击。

由于受到恐怖袭击的威胁，布鲁塞尔市长取消了比利时首都一年一度的新年除夕庆祝活动。

布鲁塞尔市市长梅尔说，根据危机中心的分析，当局无法逐一检查数以万计可能前来观看焰火的人。

与此同时，比利时警方星期四宣布，他们逮捕了巴黎恐怖袭击事件的第10名嫌疑人。11月13日发生的巴黎袭击事件导致130人死亡。比利时警方本周早些时候逮捕了两人，他们涉嫌策划在新年除夕对他们所谓的“标志性”目标进行袭击。

涉嫌制造11月巴黎恐怖袭击，造成130人死亡的伊斯兰极端分子中，有4人来自比利时。

巴黎也取消了迎新年的焰火晚会，并缩减了晚间活动计划。著名的香榭丽舍大道为晚间活动只对汽车关闭1个小时，而不是原先的3个小时。但凯旋门的灯光展将如期举行。巴黎市长伊达尔戈对《星期日》周刊说，法国需要象征性地走进新年， “向全世界发出信息”，显示巴黎正继续走出恐怖袭击的阴霾。

土耳其当局星期三拘留了两名伊斯兰国成员嫌疑人。这两个人据信策划在土耳其首都安卡拉举行迎新年庆祝活动的时候发动自杀袭击。袭击计划涉及在安卡拉市中心人群聚集迎新年的地点进行自杀炸弹袭击。

在纽约，几千名警察正在为时报广场举行的大规模迎新年活动做准备。一些警察佩戴长枪，放射物质探测器和炸弹搜寻犬。预计将有100多万人参加那里的迎新年活动。

纽约警方、联邦调查局和美国国土安全部官员表示，纽约和美国其他城市的迎新年活动没有具体可信的威胁。

2016 to Dawn Amid Terror Warnings, Tight Security

Security has been tightened in cities around the world because of possible terror threats as they prepare for public celebrations marking the start of the new year.

Sydney, Australia will be one of the first cities to mark the start of 2016, with its biggest fireworks display ever -- seven tons of fireworks at a cost of $5.1 million for the 12-minute show.

But Jakarta, Indonesia, is on high alert this year, after police uncovered plans for an alleged terror attack on the Indonesian capital during the festivities.

Brussels' mayor canceled the Belgian capital's annual New Year's Eve celebration because of a terror threat.

Mayor Yvan Mayeur said according to a crisis center analysis, it would not be possible to screen the tens of thousands of people who were expected to turn out for fireworks.

Meanwhile, Belgian police announced Thursday they have arrested a 10th suspect in the November 13th Paris attacks in which 130 people were killed. Belgian police arrested two people earlier this week suspected of plotting a New Year's Eve terror attack on what they call "emblematic" targets.

Four of the Islamic extremists who killed 130 people in multiple terrorist attacks in Paris in November were from Belgium.

Paris has also cancelled its fireworks show and cut back on plans for the evening, closing off the famed Champs Elysees avenue to cars for only one hour instead of three. But the light show projected on the Arc de Triomphe will be go on as scheduled. Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo told a French publication ((the weekly Journal du Dimanche)) that France needs its symbolic passage into the new year, to "send a signal to the world" as it continues to recover from the attacks.

In Turkey on Wednesday, authorities detained two suspected Islamic State members believed to be planning suicide attacks on New Year's celebrations in the Turkish capital, Ankara. The alleged plot involved suicide bombings in central Ankara where crowds gather to celebrate the start of the new year.

In New York City, thousands of police officers, some armed with long guns, radiation detectors and bomb-sniffing dogs, are preparing for the city's massive New Year's celebration in Times Square, expected to draw more than a million people.

Police, the FBI, and Homeland Security officials say there are no specific credible threats to New York or any other U.S. celebrations.

伊朗对所谓的美国新的“非法”制裁提出警告

伊朗星期四说，它将对美国采取的任何“干预性”措施作出回应。之前，美国官员表示，美国财政部正准备针对伊朗弹道导弹计划实施新的制裁。

伊朗外交部发言人阿萨里称计划中的制裁是“单方面的，武断的和非法的。”

《华尔街日报》率先报道了这一正在计划中的举措。报道说，制裁措施很可能于本周正式公布，制裁对象包括伊朗、香港和阿联酋的12个个人和企业。

《华尔街日报》说，制裁将要求美国的银行冻结制裁名单上的人员及企业的资产，并禁止美国的个人和企业与其做生意。

伊朗于今年10月和11月进行了导弹试射。美国和法国说，10月的导弹试射违反了联合国安理会有关禁止伊朗研制弹道导弹的决议。伊朗对这一指称予以否认，声称安理会决议只针对能够携带核弹头的导弹，而伊朗试射的导弹并不具备这种能力。

美国专家指出，这种导弹的唯一用途就是运载核弹头。

Iran Warns Against New 'Illegal' US Sanctions

Iran said Thursday it would respond to any "interventionist" measures by the United States, after U.S. officials said the Treasury Department was preparing new sanctions connected to Iran's ballistic missile program.

Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossein Jaber Ansari called the planned sanctions "unilateral, arbitrary and illegal."

The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the planned move, said the sanctions will likely be formally announced this week and include about 12 people and companies in Iran, Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates.

The sanctions would call on U.S. banks to freeze the assets of those on the list and bar individuals and companies in the U.S. from doing business with them, according to the Journal.

Iran test-fired missiles in October and November. The U.S. and France said the October launch violated a U.N. Security Council resolution banning Iranian development of a ballistic missile. Iran rejected the allegations, saying the sanctions only applied to missiles capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and that their missiles had no such capability.

U.S. experts said the only purpose of the missile would be to deliver a nuclear warhead.