伊朗违反安理会决议试射中程弹道导弹

美国媒体报道说，伊朗无视联合国安理会两项决议的规定，对一种新型中程弹道导弹进行了试射。

未透露姓名的美国官员对媒体说，这次导弹试射是在11月21日进行的，导弹试射范围在伊朗领土之内。

福克斯新闻网援引情报机构消息人士的话说，试射导弹的地点位于伊朗与巴基斯坦边界附近港口城市恰赫巴哈尔附近。

伊朗今年10月曾试射一枚远程弹道导弹，招致联合国安理会的谴责。目前安理会仍在就如何对那次导弹试射做出反应进行辩论。

伊朗10月试射导弹后，白宫曾表示，此举“强烈显示”德黑兰违反了联合国安理会有关伊朗弹道导弹活动的相关决议。但白宫发言人欧内斯特说，伊朗违反安理会决议试射弹道导弹的做法与德黑兰和世界六强国达成的历史性核协议“完全没有关联”。

Iran Tested Missile in Breach of UN Resolutions

U.S. media reports say Iran has tested a new medium-range ballistic missile in defiance of two United Nations Security Council resolutions.

U.S. officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told media outlets the test was held November 21, and they say the missile traveled within Iranian territory.

Fox News cited intelligence sources as saying the test was held near Chabahar, a port city near Iran's border with Pakistan.

In October, Iran tested a long-range ballistic missile, drawing condemnation from the U.N. Security Council. The Council is still debating how to respond to that test.

Following that earlier missile test, the White House said there were "strong indications" that Tehran "did violate U.N. Security Council resolutions that pertain to Iran's ballistic missile activities." However, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said those violations are "entirely separate" from the historic nuclear deal reached between Iran and world powers.

委内瑞拉反对派以压倒优势赢得议会选举

委内瑞拉选举官员说，反对派在议会选举中赢得多数席位，执政党统一社会主义党出人意料地落败。

有关当局说，委内瑞拉反对派赢得167个议会席位中的110个，而统一社会主义党只赢得55席。目前还有两个议席的归属尚未确定。

如果反对派联盟赢得这两个议席，就将在议会中取得三分之二多数地位，从而有权更换最高法院法官，启动罢免总统的程序，甚至可以要求修改宪法。

无论反对派能否获得议会三分之二多数地位，这次选举结果都是连续执政16年的统一社会主义党人所遭受了一次重大挫败。

反对派领导人星期一誓言将利用在议会的多数地位释放被监禁的统一社会主义党政府的反对者，同时表示不会取消广受民众欢迎的福利政策。

查韦斯钦定的接班人，现年53岁的委内瑞拉总统马杜罗星期一清晨向全国发表电视讲话，承认败选。他的这一举动消除了人们对发生暴力的担忧。

Venezuela’s Opposition Claims Resounding Victory in Legislature Elections

Election officials in Venezuela say the opposition has won control of the country's legislature, delivering a stunning defeat to the ruling Socialist party.

Authorities say the opposition, with two seats yet to be determined, won 110 of the 167 seats in the National Assembly, with the Socialist party winning just 55.

Winning the other two seats would give the opposition coalition a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly, potentially allowing it to fire Supreme Court justices, begin a process that would recall the president, even call an assembly to rewrite the constitution.

Whether the opposition achieves the supermajority or not, the results are a major setback for the long-dominant, ruling socialists who have led the country for 16 years.

Opposition leaders vowed Monday to use their new majority to free jailed opponents of the Socialist government, but also said they would not move to dismantle popular welfare policies.

The 53-year-old president, who was handpicked by Chavez, quickly accepted defeat in a televised speech to the nation early Monday that calmed fears of violence.