报告：2015年抵欧移民逾百万

国际移民组织说，2015年进入欧洲的移民和难民数量已超过一百万，为二战结束以来最大的移民潮。

设在日内瓦的国际移民组织星期二公布的数字显示，一百万零五千五百零四名非洲和中东的流动人口，以非常规方式通过陆路和海路进入欧洲大陆，这个数字是2014年的四倍。

叙利亚五年内战使国家分裂，造成20多万人死亡，数百万人流离失所。叙利亚难民就占了报告清点人数的一半，接下来难民人数最多的是同样为战争所困扰的国家阿富汗和伊拉克。

2015年期间，难民源源不断涌入希腊、保加利亚、意大利，西班牙、马耳他和塞浦路斯，其中绝大多数，超过80万人是经海路抵达希腊的，大约3600人在横穿北非和意大利间的地中海危险旅途中丧生或失踪。

国际移民组织说，不到三万五千人，或者说大约百分之三的移民，是从土耳其经陆路进入希腊和保加利亚的。

Report: Europe's Migrant Arrivals Top 1 Million for 2015

The International Organization for Migration says the number of migrants and refugees entering Europe in 2015 has gone over the one million mark, the largest influx of its kind since the end of World War Two.

The Geneva-based organization issued figures Tuesday showing 1,005,504 migrants from Africa and the Middle East have crossed into the continent by a combination of irregular land and sea routes, a four-fold increase from 2014.

Refugees from Syria, which has been torn apart by a five-year-old civil war that has left over 200,000 people dead and millions more displaced, account for half of all those counted, followed by refugees from two other war-torn countries, Afghanistan and Iraq.

The refugees have streamed into Greece, Bulgaria, Italy, Spain, Malta and Cyprus during 2015, with a huge majority -- over 800,000 -- arriving by sea in Greece. About 3,600 died or disappeared trying to make the perilous Mediterranean Sea crossing between North Africa and Italy.

The IOM says fewer than 35,000 migrants, or about three percent, have crossed by land into Greece and Bulgaria from Turkey.

人权观察:土耳其必须调查平民死亡事件

人权观察星期二说，土耳其必须对本国安全部队加以控制，并对近几个月来警方行动以及警方跟武装组织发生冲突所造成的平民死亡事件展开调查。

人权观察说，他们在一次范围有限的调查中记录到了15起这类死亡事件，而当地有组织报告说，自7月来已有100多名平民死亡。

今年7月，土耳其军队在东南部地区对非法组织库尔德工人党发动新攻势，致使持续两年多的停火宣告结束。土耳其总统埃尔多安11月誓言继续进攻，直至打败库尔德工人党的所有激进分子。

人权观察说，土耳其当局在当地实行宵禁，并断绝水电和食品供应。

土耳其、美国和欧盟都把库尔德工人党视为恐怖组织。自1984年以来，土耳其当局与库尔德工人党之间的冲突已造成4万人死亡。

HRW: Turkey Must Investigate Civilian Deaths

Human Rights Watch said Tuesday that Turkey needs to control its security forces and investigate the deaths of civilians who were killed during police operations and clashes with armed groups in recent months.

The group said it documented 15 such deaths in a limited investigation and that local groups report more than 100 deaths since July.

Turkish forces launched a new offensive in July against the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in southeastern Turkey, a move that ended a cease-fire of more than two years. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan further pledged in November to continue until every one of the militants was defeated.

Human Rights Watch said the state had put neighborhoods under curfew and cut off people's access to water, electricity and food.

Turkey, the United States and European Union all consider the PKK to be a terror group. The conflict between Turkey and the PKK has left 40,000 people dead since 1984.