埃及称未发现有关俄民航机坠毁的恐怖主义证据

埃及星期一发布的一份初步报告称，调查人员未发现与10月31日俄罗斯飞机在西奈半岛上空坠毁有关的恐怖主义证据。那次空难造成224人丧生。

埃及民航部的一份声明说，对导致飞机坠毁原因进行的调查仍在继续。但是到目前为止，没有任何证据显示有恐怖主义或其它非法行为。

俄罗斯以及美国等西方国家称，有人在飞机上安放的爆炸装置导致了飞机坠毁。伊斯兰国恐怖组织声称对该事件负责，并公布了它所说的炸弹图片。

这架班机是从沙姆沙伊赫度假胜地起飞的，坠毁事件导致俄罗斯和英国暂停前往埃及的航班，从而使旅游业受到了影响。

伊斯兰国恐怖组织称，袭击这架飞机是要报复俄罗斯自9月底以来在叙利亚境内的空袭。西方政府批评俄罗斯说，它空袭行动的目的是支持叙利亚总统阿萨德，而不是为了打击伊斯兰国恐怖组织。五角大楼说，飞机坠毁后，俄罗斯似乎增加了对伊斯兰国恐怖组织目标的打击。

Egypt: No Evidence Terrorism Caused Russian Plane Crash

Egypt issued a preliminary report Monday saying its investigators have found no evidence of terrorism in the October 31 crash of a Russian plane in the Sinai Peninsula that killed 224 people.

A statement from the civil aviation ministry said the probe into what caused the crash is continuing, but that so far there was nothing to indicate terrorism or some other illegal act.

Russia and Western nations, including the United States, have said an explosive device placed on board the Airbus plane brought it down. The Islamic State group claimed responsibility and released pictures of what it said was the bomb.

The flight took off from the popular Sharm al-Sheikh resort area, and the crash has affected tourism with both Russia and Britain responding by suspending flights to Egypt.

Islamic State said it took down the flight in retaliation for Russia's air campaign in Syria, which began in late September. Russia has drawn criticism from Western governments that say it is conducting airstrikes to back Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and not to combat the militant group. The Pentagon noted after the crash that Russia's targets appeared to be more focused on Islamic State.

克里敦促布隆迪停止暴力

美国国务卿克里敦促布隆迪各方停止暴力，展开对话，以结束布隆迪数月来的动乱局面。

克里星期日在推特上写道，必须停止杀戮，包括“安全机构的过度反应”。

星期日早些时候，美国国务院告诫美国公民避免前往布隆迪，并建议目前已在布隆迪的美国公民，鉴于当地政治暴力持续，应尽快离开布隆迪。

军方发言人说，武装分子上星期五袭击首都布琼布拉的军用设施，造成80多人死亡，其中包括八名安全部队军人和数十名袭击者。

布隆迪局势动乱始于今年4月，当时布隆迪总统宣布将寻求第三次连任。批评人士说，他这种做法违反了有关总统任期限于两届的宪法规定以及结束布隆迪12年内战的协议。

Kerry Urges End to Burundi Violence

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is urging all parties in Burundi to stop violence and instead begin dialogue to end what has been months of unrest in the country.

Kerry wrote on Twitter Sunday that the killing must end, including "disproportionate response by security services."

Earlier in the day, the State Department told U.S. citizens to avoid traveling to Burundi, and recommended that those already in the country leave as soon as possible as political violence persists.

More than 80 people were killed Friday when armed attackers raided army facilities in the capital, Bujumbura. Among the dead were eight security officers and scores of assailants, according to an army spokesman.

The unrest began in April when the president announced he would seek a third term. Critics said he was violating the constitution's two-term limit as well as an agreement that ended Burundi's 12-year civil war.