中国领导人呼吁建立全球互联网治理体系

中国国家主席习近平呼吁世界各国就互联网管理进行合作。

习近平星期三在中国东部城市乌镇举行的世界互联网大会上发表讲话时说，世界各国应共同建立一个互联网治理体系，以遏制滥用信息技术，反对网络监听和网络攻击，以及打击他所说的“网络空间军备竞赛”。

来自世界上一些最大科技公司的数十名代表出席了会议，包括美国的微软以及中国科技巨头百度和阿里巴巴。

中国执政党共产党严密控制中国国内对互联网的使用，屏蔽一切被认为淫秽或是颠覆性的内容。人权组织国际特赦发表声明，呼吁科技公司抵制北京试图影响世界互联网管理的做法，认为这种做法将限制言论自由，并使侵犯人权变本加厉。

国际特赦组织东亚研究部主任阮柔安（Roseann Rife）表示：“中国当局打着主权和安全的旗号，试图重写互联网规则，使审查和监控在所有地方都成为惯例。这是对互联网自由的全面攻击。”

Chinese Leader Calls for Global Governance of Cyberspace

Chinese President Xi Jinping called for global cooperation regulating the Internet.

Speaking Wednesday at the World Internet Conference in the eastern city of Wuzhen, Xi said every nation should work together to create an Internet governance system that would, among other things he said, end the abuse of information technology, oppose cyber surveillance and hacking, and fight against what he called an "arms race in cyberspace."

Dozens of representatives from the world's biggest technology companies attended the conference, including U.S.-based Microsoft and Chinese tech giants Baidu and Alibaba.

China's ruling Communist Party retains tight control over Internet use in the country, blocking material it deems obscene or subversive. Human rights group Amnesty International issued a statement calling on technology companies to reject what it calls Beijing's efforts "to influence global Internet governance in ways that would curb freedom of expression and exacerbate human rights abuses."

“Under the guise of sovereignty and security," said Roseann Rife, Amnesty's East Asia research director, "the Chinese authorities are trying to rewrite the rules of the Internet so censorship and surveillance become the norm everywhere. This is an all-out assault on Internet freedoms."

美防长访伊拉克 评估打击伊斯兰国行动

美国国防部长卡特星期三访问伊拉克，这次访问事先并未宣布。卡特此行目的是在打击伊斯兰国激进分子的行动中争取更多帮助。

预计卡特将会见伊拉克领导人以及美军指挥官，听取他们对打击伊斯兰国行动进展的评估，并了解接下来还可以采取哪些行动。

自去年8月以来，美国一直以空袭方式支持伊拉克军队，但迄今未向伊拉克派遣地面部队。伊斯兰国战斗人员目前依然控制着伊拉克北部和西部大片地区，包括几个重要城市。

抵达伊拉克之前，卡特访问了土耳其，敦促土耳其为以美国为首的联盟提供更多的空中和地面支援，并要求土耳其加强边界警戒，以防止伊斯兰国战斗人员从土耳其进入叙利亚。

此外，卡特还对沙特阿拉伯宣布34个国家成立伊斯兰反恐军事联盟表示欢迎。

US Defense Chief Visits Iraq to Assess IS Fight

U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter made an unannounced visit Wednesday to Iraq as part of a trip to seek more help in the battle against Islamic State militants.

Carter was expected to meet with Iraq leaders as well as his commanders to get their assessment of the campaign and what else could be done.

The U.S. has been supporting Iraqi forces with airstrikes since August of last year, but has so far ruled out sending ground troops. Islamic State fighters still control large areas in northern and western Iraq, including several major cities.

Carter's stop in Iraq follows his visit to Turkey, where he urged more Turkish air and ground support for the U.S.-led coalition and pressed Turkey to better secure its border to help prevent fighters from going into Syria.

He also welcomed Saudi Arabia's announcement of a new 34-nation Islamic military alliance to fight terrorism.