**杜达当选波兰总统 反对党获胜

波兰总统科莫洛夫斯基在星期天的大选中出乎意料地遭遇保守派候选人杜达的强大挑战。

一项重要的投票站出口调查显示，科莫洛夫斯基以47对53的得票率落后于杜达。科莫洛夫斯基随后宣布败选。 他向杜达表示祝贺。

科莫洛夫斯基说，“我祝他成功，因为我希望波兰好。”

现年62岁的科莫洛夫斯基是一位历史学家，曾担任国防部长。他2010年首次当选总统，这次竞选连任的纲领主要围绕着国家安全主题，包括因乌克兰危机而与俄罗斯关系紧张。他在5月10日的第一轮选举中得票第二，不得不与领先的杜达进行决选。

43岁的杜达当选标志着他所在的反对党法律正义党首次获得重大选举胜利。杜达当选后发表讲话：“感谢你，科莫洛夫斯基先生，在这次竞选中作为我的对手，也感谢你对我胜选的祝贺。”

这次选举结束了公民纲领党八年多的政治主导地位，也为波兰今年晚些时候举行总理选举设置了舞台。分析人士预计科莫洛夫斯基的盟友、现任总理科帕奇和保守派候选人之间会有一番激烈较量。

POLAND ELECTION

Incumbent Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski, facing a surprisingly strong electoral challenge from conservative Andrzej Duda, conceded defeat Sunday.

His concession came a short while after voting ended and a key exit poll showed him trailing by a 53-47 percent margin.

Komorowski said: "I wish him a successful presidency because I wish well for Poland.''

A 62-year-old historian and former defense minister, Mr. Komorowski campaigned for a second term largely on national security issues, including heightened tensions with Russia over the Ukraine crisis. He was forced

into Sunday's runoff vote after finishing second to Mr. Duda in first-round polls May 10.

The victory for the 43-year-old Mr. Duda marks the first major electoral win for the opposition Law and Justice party that nominated him.

"Thank you to Mr. President Bronislaw Komorowski for the rivalry in this election campaign, for the congratulations which he passed to me.''

The win ends more than eight years of political dominance by the incumbent's Civic Platform party. It also sets the stage for what analysts predict will be a tight re-election battle later this year between Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz - a Komorowski ally -- and the conservative opposition.


**也门官员要求胡塞撤出 和谈可能推迟**

联合国斡旋的也门和平会谈定于星期四举行，但也门官员星期一说会谈被推迟了。

目前联合国还没有公开证实这一消息。

两个月前逃到沙特阿拉伯的也门总统哈迪要求胡塞反政府武装在和谈开始前，遵守联合国安理会决议，撤出他们占据的地区。

也门官员星期一重申这些条件，并且说和平会议无限期推迟。

联合国秘书长潘基文上周宣布了也门和谈计划，敦促双方无条件参加，恢复寻求政治解决也门危机。

UN-Led Peace Talks for Yemen in Doubt

A U.N.-brokered peace conference for Yemen scheduled to take place later this week appeared in doubt Monday with Yemeni officials saying the talks had been postponed.

There was no immediate public confirmation from the U.N. that Thursday's meeting would be delayed.

Yemen's President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi, who fled to Saudi Arabia two months ago, has demanded Houthi rebels abide by a U.N. Security Council resolution and withdraw from the territory they have seized before the talks can proceed.

Yemeni officials on Monday cited those demands and described the conference as indefinitely postponed.

U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced the talks last week, urging both sides to participate without any preconditions and to resume working toward a political resolution to the country's crisis.