德国以恐怖指控逮捕伊斯兰极端分子

德国以支持国外恐怖组织的指控逮捕了该国最知名的伊斯兰极端主义分子之一。

德国检察官星期二宣布，他们以协助在叙利亚的“圣战组织移民和支持者武装”等四项罪名，逮捕了35岁的萨拉非斯特·史文·劳。该组织和伊斯兰国恐怖组织有牵连。

史文·劳涉嫌为该组织招募战士以及提供财政和物质支持。

皈依伊斯兰教的史文·劳因为去年在德国伍珀塔尔市组织了一个名叫“伊斯兰法警察”的队伍而出名。该组织成员身穿印有“伊斯兰法警察”的橘色马甲在街上巡逻，试图严格实施伊斯兰法，并要求光顾夜总会的人停止酗酒、赌博和听音乐。

伍珀塔尔市法庭上周四决定不起诉这些人。这一裁决在德国全国引发争议。

Germany Arrests Islamic Extremist on Terror Charges

Germany has arrested one of its most prominent Islamic extremists on charges he supported a foreign terrorist group.

German prosecutors announced Tuesday that they have arrested 35-year-old Salafist Sven Lau on four counts of aiding the Syria-based group known as Jaish al-Muhajireen wal-Ansar, or JAMWA. The group has been linked to Islamic State.

Lau is suspected of recruiting fighters for the group as well as providing financial and material support.

Lau, a convert to Islam, gained fame last year when he organized a force of so-called "Sharia police" in the German city of Wuppertal. The men wore orange jackets marked "Sharia Police" and patrolled the streets trying to enforce strict adherence to Islamic law, demanding that nightclub patrons stop drinking, gambling, and listening to music.

A Wuppertal court last Thursday decided not to prosecute the men. The ruling has sparked nationwide controversy.

也门停火和谈开始

联合国星期二在日内瓦开启和平谈判，努力寻找解决也门危机的持久方案。

联合国也门特使艾哈迈德还宣布，开始为期一个星期的停火。他说，停火的目的是实现永久停战，“为重新回到和平而有序的政治过渡铺路”。

他星期二在一份声明中说，停火是建立持久和平关键的第一步。

支持也门总统哈迪政府的军队和伊朗支持的胡塞反政府武装之间的冲突，从去年年底以来已经造成大约5700人丧生。

目前还不清楚胡塞反政府武装是否会遵守停火。

Yemen Cease-Fire, Peace Talks, Begin

The United Nations opened peace talks Tuesday in Geneva in a bid to find a "durable settlement" to the crisis in Yemen.

U.N. envoy Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed also announced the start of a week-long cease-fire, saying the goal is to make that halt in fighting permanent and "pave the way for a return to a peaceful and orderly political transition."

He said in a statement Tuesday's cease-fire is a critical first step to building lasting peace.

The conflict between forces supporting President Abd Rabbu Mansour Hadi's government and Iran-backed Houthi rebels has killed an estimated 5,700 people since late last year.

It was not clear if the Houthis would abide by the halt in fighting.