**普京指责美起诉国际足联官员是“插手海外”

2015年5月27日俄罗斯总统普京在克里姆林宫说，美国干涉国际足联事务
2015年5月27日俄罗斯总统普京在克里姆林宫说，美国干涉国际足联事务
俄罗斯总统普京星期四批评美国对涉嫌腐败的国际足联官员提出起诉，称美国企图将司法权力范围扩大到其他国家。

普京在电视上评论说， 美国还企图阻止国际足联主席布拉特连任。国际足联定于星期五投票选举下届主席，布特拉竞选第五个任期，而他目前只有一个对手。

俄罗斯将主办2018年世界杯。

俄罗斯外交部星期三也表态称，美国起诉涉嫌腐败的国际足联官员是将“美国法律非法使用于海外”。

美国还没有对普京的态度做出直接回应。

这次瑞士调查国际足联涉嫌管理不善和洗钱，俄罗斯获得2018年世界杯主办权也是调查的一部分。

Putin: FIFA Arrests Case of US Meddling Abroad

Russian President Vladimir Putin criticized the United States on Thursday for its corruption indictment against officials from football's governing body, calling the case an attempt to spread its jurisdiction to other countries.

Mr. Putin said in televised comments that the U.S. is also trying to prevent the reelection of FIFA President Sepp Blatter. That vote is due to happen Friday with Blatter facing one opponent in his bid to win a fifth term.

Russia is hosting the next edition of FIFA's premier event, the World Cup, in 2018.

Mr. Putin's comments follow a similar message from Russia's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday, which called the case an "illegal extraterritorial application of American law."

There was no immediate U.S. reaction to Mr. Putin's remarks.

The awarding of the 2018 games to Russia is part of a Swiss investigation into allegations of mismanagement and money laundering.


**美国会中越来越多人支持解除对古巴禁运**

一位美国议员说，美国国会中越来越多的人支持取消对古巴实行了五十多年的经济制裁。

来自新墨西哥州的民主党参议员汤姆·乌达尔星期三在古巴哈瓦那作出上述表示。乌达尔说，民主党人和共和党人表示支持通过几个有关古巴的提案，其中包括取消旅行限制，推动在农业和科技领域有限的经济活动。

奥巴马总统呼吁共和党控制的国会取消对古巴的禁运。古巴领导人菲德尔·卡斯特罗1959年推翻了长期独裁者巴蒂斯塔后与前苏联结盟。美国因此对古巴实行经济制裁。

乌达尔率四名民主党议员在古巴访问，与政府官员和非官方人士举行会谈。代表团成员之一，来自明尼苏达州的佛兰肯参议员说，美国国会只有极少数人强烈反对解除禁运。

US Senator Says Momentum Growing to Lift Economic Sanctions on Cuba

A U.S. lawmaker says there is growing support in Congress to lift the five-decade-old economic embargo against Cuba imposed by the United States.

Democratic Senator Tom Udall of New Mexico made the comment Wednesday in Havana.

Udall said both Democrats and Republicans have expressed support for several pieces of legislation related to Cuba, including lifting the travel ban and promoting limited economic activity in agriculture and technology.

President Barack Obama has called on the Republican-controlled Congress to lift the embargo, which was imposed when Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro aligned with the former Soviet Union after ousting longtime dictator Fulgencio Bautista in 1959.

Udall led a delegation of four Democratic lawmakers to Havana, where they held talks with Cuban officials and private citizens. One of the lawmakers, Minnesota Senator Al Franken, said there is "a very small minority" in Congress "who have a strong objection" with lifting the embargo.