德国总理默克尔被时代周刊选为2015年度人物

时代周刊将德国总理默克尔选为2015年的“年度人物”，指出她在叙利亚难民危机、希腊经济救助计划、欧盟货币动荡以及俄罗斯干预乌克兰问题上起到了领导作用。

时代周刊说，欧洲每次面临严重危机，默克尔都会“挺身而出”。

时代周刊说，世界上大多数人都在讨论如果在安全与自由之间寻找平衡的同时，默克尔却要求德国和世界其他地区相信，伟大的文明要构筑桥梁，而不是设置围墙。默克尔说，战争不光是在战场，也是在战场外赢得的。

时代周刊编辑吉布斯星期三写道，“领导人只有在人民不想跟随的时候才会受到考验”，默克尔展现了“坚定的道义领导能力，这种能力如今在国际社会上十分欠缺。”

10年前，默克尔成为德国第一位女总理以及欧盟的重要领导人之一。

Time Magazine Names German Chancellor 2015's Person of the Year

Time magazine has named German Chancellor Angela Merkel its 2015 "Person of the Year," noting her leadership during the Syrian refugee crisis, the Greek economic bailout, currency turmoil in the European Union, and Russia’s intervention in Ukraine.

The magazine said Merkel “stepped in” every time Europe faced a serious crisis.

It said while much of the world is debating the balance between safety and freedom, Merkel is asking Germany and the rest of the world to believe that great civilizations build bridges, not walls. She says wars are won both on and off the battlefield.

Time editor Nancy Gibbs wrote Wednesday, ”Leaders are tested only when people don't want to follow"... and Merkel provides "steadfast moral leadership in a world where it is in short supply.

Merkel became Germany's first female chancellor 10 years ago and one of the leading figures of the European Union.

朝鲜领导人称朝鲜已研制成氢弹

朝鲜领导人金正恩暗示，朝鲜已经研制出一枚氢弹。

朝鲜官方媒体朝中社星期四援引金正恩的话说，朝鲜现在“是一个拥有核武器的强大国家，随时准备使用自行研制的原子弹和氢弹来切实捍卫国家主权”。朝中社说，金正恩是视察平川革命历史遗迹时做出这一表示的。

氢弹又称热核弹，制造氢弹需要更尖端的技术，而氢弹的威力也远远超过原子弹。

韩联社说，韩国情报机构的一名官员表示，目前还没有证据支持金正恩的这一说法。

朝鲜曾于2006年、2009年和2013年进行三次地下核试验，联合国安理会因此对平壤实施了严厉的经济制裁。

North Korean Leader Claims Country Has Built Powerful H-Bomb

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is suggesting his regime has developed a hydrogen bomb.

Kim was quoted Thursday by the official KCNA news agency saying North Korea is now "a powerful nuclear weapons state ready to detonate a self-reliant A (atomic)-bomb and H-bomb to reliably defend its sovereignty." KCNA says Kim made the comments while touring the Phyongchon Revolutionary Site.

A hydrogen bomb, also known as a thermonuclear bomb, is far more powerful than a atomic bomb because of the advanced technology involved.

South Korea's Yonhap news agency says it was told by an official with the country's intelligence agency that there is no evidence to support Kim's claims.

North Korea is under strict economic sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council for conducting three underground nuclear tests in 2006, 2009 and 2013.