日本明仁天皇对二战表示深刻反省

周三，日本明仁天皇就该国在二战中的行为表示“深刻反省”。

84岁的明仁天皇在东京日本武道馆举行的仪式上表示忏悔。该仪式纪念日本向盟军投降73周年，投降前日本长崎和广岛遭到原子弹攻击。

在皇后美智子的陪同下，明仁天皇面向战争亡灵神龛致辞说：“想到我们的过去，我感到深深的悔意，我真诚地希望，战争的暴行永远不再发生。我和日本人民一同对战争死难者表示哀悼，祈祷世界和平和我们国家的长久繁荣。”

在仪式上日本首相安倍晋三也发表了讲话，承诺不再重复过去的错误。他说：“作为一个在战后珍视和平的国家，日本持续采取行动。日本谦卑地反思历史，无论将来世界局势怎样变化，将继续致力于让世界变得更美好，永不重复战争的暴行。我们将继续齐心协力，真诚地应对可能演变成冲突的各种挑战，实现一个人人可以和平生活的社会。”

在发表致辞的同时，安倍正试图修改日本战后的和平宪法，并加强自卫队的力量。

明仁天皇在位期间，花费了大量时间到访在战时遭日本入侵的太平洋地区各地，对以他父亲裕仁天皇的名义采取的行动表示遗憾。

由于明年4月明仁天皇将退位，这是明仁天皇最后一次在战败日出席追悼仪式。

Japanese Emperor Expresses 'Deep Remorse' for World War II

Japan's emperor, Akihito, expressed his "deep regret" Wednesday for his country's actions during World War Two.

The 84-year-old emperor expressed his remorse during a ceremony at Tokyo's Budokan Hall to mark the 73rd anniversary of Japan's surrender to Allied Forces, following the atomic bomb attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki just days earlier.

Akihito, accompanied by his wife, Empress Michiko, issued his statement while facing a shrine to the war dead: "I hereby reflect on the past, with deep remorse, and I sincerely hope the atrocity of war will not be repeated. Together with the people of Japan, I sincerely express my condolences for those who perished in the war and pray for world peace and the further prosperity of our nation."

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also spoke at Wednesday's ceremony, pledging not to repeat the errors of the "Japan has continued its steps as a nation which values peace in the post-war period. Reflecting upon history humbly, under whatever the situation in the world will be, Japan will keep its pledge to make the world a better place and never to repeat the atrocity of the war. We will continue our seamless effort to sincerely tackle the various challenges which could evolve into conflicts, and to realize a society where everyone can live in peace."

Abe's comments were made at the ceremony while he is attempting to revise Japan's post-war pacifist constitution and strengthen the country's self-defense forces.

Emperor Akihito has spent much of his reign visiting many places in the Pacific region that were invaded by wartime Japanese forces and expressing his regret for their actions carried out in the name of his father, Hirohito.

This was the final appearance at the annual ceremony for Akihito, who will abdicate the throne next year.

马里总统以压倒多数赢得决选

在西非国家马里，现任总统易卜拉欣·布巴尔卡·凯塔以压倒性优势赢得总统决选。

周四公布的官方结果显示凯塔赢得了周日第二轮选举67％的选票，击败了挑战者和反对派领袖西塞。 由于圣战组织激进分子的暴力威胁，选民们没有参加投票，因此投票率极低，仅为34％。

政府加强了对周日决选的保安，除了三万名已经执勤的人员外，还部署了6,000名士兵。

但是，尽管增加了安全措施，一个投票站站长在北部廷巴克图地区遇害，投票站被焚烧。

Mali President Wins Presidential Runoff Vote in Landslide

Incumbent President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita of Mali has won a landslide victory in the West African nation's presidential runoff election.

Official results announced Thursday reveled Keita won 67 percent of the vote from Sunday's second round, soundly beating challenger and opposition leader Soumaila Cisse. Turnout in the runoff vote was an abysmally low 34 percent, as voters stayed away due to threats of violence by jihadist militants.

The government stepped up security for Sunday's run-off, deploying 6,000 troops in addition to the 30,000 who already were on duty.

But despite the added security, a polling station president was killed in the northern Timbuktu region and the polling station there was burned.