耐克公司以美国制裁为由 称不向世界杯伊朗队球员提供球鞋

世界最大的运动鞋制造商、美国耐克公司称，由于美国对伊朗的制裁，该公司不会向参与世界杯足球赛的伊朗国家队提供球鞋。

耐克公司在电邮给美国之音波斯语组的一份声明中说，该决定是基于川普政府计划在未来几个月重新对伊朗实施制裁。川普总统上个月宣布美国撤出伊朗与世界六个大国达成的2015年伊核协议，并重新实施对伊朗的制裁。

耐克公司的声明说：“有关制裁意味着，作为一家美国公司，我们此时不能为伊朗国家队的队员提供球鞋。”

路透社5月30日的一篇报道引用耐克公司一位发言人的话说，在下星期开始的世界杯足球赛上不会有伊朗队员穿耐克球鞋，并称这跟政治无关。

耐克的主要竞争对手、德国的阿迪达斯将为伊朗国家队提供球衣。

国际足球联合会不对球员在世界杯足球赛上选择穿什么品牌的球鞋做出规定。按照规定，参加比赛的同一球队的不同球员可以穿不同品牌的球鞋，但同一球队的所有球员必须穿同一品牌的球衣。

Nike Boycotts Iran’s World Cup Players, Citing US Sanctions

The world's largest footwear maker, U.S. apparel company Nike, says it will not provide shoes to players of Iran's national football team for the World Cup because of U.S. sanctions.

In a statement emailed to VOA Persian on Monday, Nike said it based its decision on the Trump administration's plan to re-impose U.S. sanctions on Iran in the coming months. President Donald Trump announced the re-imposition of sanctions last month when he withdrew the U.S. from the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.

"The sanctions mean that, as a U.S. company, we cannot provide shoes to players in the Iran national team at this time," the Nike statement said.

A Reuters report published May 30 quoted a Nike spokesman as saying none of the Iranian players at the World Cup, which begins next week, will be wearing its shoes. The report also quoted the spokesman as saying: "This has no relation to any political situation."

Nike's main rival, Germany-based Adidas, is providing the jerseys of the Iranian team, also known as Team Melli.

Football's world governing body FIFA does not regulate the shoe brand choices of players at the World Cup. A competing team can feature players wearing football shoes, or cleats, made by different brands, but all of that team's players must wear the same brand of jersey under FIFA rules.

美国防部督察长调查川普前专职医生杰克逊少将

美国国防部督察长办公室星期一发表声明说，正在白宫医生、海军少将杰克逊受到的行为不当的指称展开调查。

美国总统川普三月份提名杰克逊出任退伍军人事务部部长后，杰克逊被指担任白宫医生期间制造恶劣的工作环境，工作时酗酒，并多开处方药。提名一个月后，杰克逊宣布放弃部长提名。杰克逊对这些指控始终矢口否认。

参议院退伍军人事务委员会的民主党人说，多达20名以往和现在的同事都站出来对杰克逊提出抱怨，说他给自己开处方药，在特勤工作人员派对上喝醉酒，并撞坏了一辆政府用车。

杰克逊退出提名后不再担任总统的专职医生。

Pentagon Watchdog Opens Probe of White House Physician Ronny Jackson

The U.S. Defense Department’s inspector general has opened an investigation into misconduct allegations against White House physician Ronny Jackson, the inspector general's office said in a statement on Monday.

President Donald Trump nominated Jackson to be veterans affairs secretary in March, but Jackson withdrew from consideration a month later amid allegations he had overseen a hostile work environment as White House physician, drank on the job and allowed the overprescribing of drugs. Jackson has denied the allegations.

Democrats on the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee have said more than 20 current and former colleagues had come forward to accuse Jackson of prescribing himself medications, getting drunk at a Secret Service party and wrecking a government vehicle.

After withdrawing his nomination for the VA post, Jackson stopped serving as Trump’s lead physician.