美国失业率降至近50年来最低

9月份美国就业增长放缓，很有可能是由于飓风佛罗伦萨的影响使得餐馆和零售业就业人数减少，但失业率降至近49年来的低点3.7％，表明劳动力市场更为紧俏。

劳工部周五公布的备受关注的月度就业报告也显示工资稳步上升，表明通胀压力适度，这可能缓解对经济过热的担忧，美联储得以继续逐步加息。

上月非农就业人数增加了134,000人，是一年来最少的，原因是零售业、休闲和酒店业就业人数减少。

美国经济需要每月创造大约12万个就业岗位，以跟上适龄劳动力人口的增长。

美联储主席鲍威尔周二表示，经济前景“非常乐观”，他认为这是一个“史上罕见”的超低失业率和温和通胀时代的顶端。

美国央行上周第三次加息，并在会后声明中取消了对货币政策保持“宽松”的说法。

劳工部表示，9月中旬飓风佛罗伦萨可能会影响一些行业的就业，不过无法量化这一影响。

US Unemployment Rate Falls to Lowest in Nearly Five Decades

U.S. job growth slowed sharply in September likely as Hurricane Florence depressed restaurant and retail payrolls, but the unemployment rate fell to near a 49-year low of 3.7 percent, pointing to a further tightening in labor market conditions.

The Labor Department's closely watched monthly employment report on Friday also showed a steady rise in wages, suggesting moderate inflation pressures, which could ease concerns about the economy overheating and keep the Federal Reserve on a path of gradual interest rate increases.

Nonfarm payrolls increased by 134,000 jobs last month, the fewest in a year, as the retail and leisure and hospitality sectors shed employment.

The economy needs to create roughly 120,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.

Fed Chairman Jerome Powell said on Tuesday that the economy's outlook was "remarkably positive" and he believed it was on the cusp of a "historically rare" era of ultra-low unemployment and tame inflation.

The U.S. central bank raised rates last week for the third time this year and removed the reference in its post-meeting statement to monetary policy remaining "accommodative."

The Labor Department said it was possible that Hurricane Florence, which lashed South and North Carolina in mid-September, could have affected employment in some industries. It said it was impossible to quantify the net effect on employment.

国际刑警组织负责人据报回到中国后失踪

据报道，国际刑警组织高官失踪，该组织称中国和法国正在调查这一失踪事件。

国际刑警组织在周五发表的一份声明中表示，对身为中国公民的孟宏伟失踪一事没有更多评论。

孟宏伟的妻子居住在国际警察组织总部所在地里昂。她在丈夫9月下旬前往中国后无法与丈夫取得联系，之后向法国警方报警。

64岁的孟宏伟曾任中国公安部副部长，他于2016年11月当选为国际刑警组织的负责人，任期四年。他是第一位担任这一职位的中国公民。

根据孟宏伟在国际刑警组织网站上的简介，他在刑事司法和警务方面拥有近40年的经验，曾处理过与法律机构、毒品控制、反恐、边境管制、移民和国际合作有关的问题。

Interpol Chief Reported Missing After Trip to China

The top official at Interpol is reported to be missing and the international police organization says China and France are investigating his disappearance.

In a statement released Friday, Interpol said it would have no further comment on the disappearance of Chinese national Meng Hongwei.

Meng's wife, who lives in Lyon, where the international police organization has its headquarters, recently contacted French police after not hearing from her husband since he traveled to China in late September.

Meng, 64, a former Vice Minister of Public Security in China, was elected to head Interpol in November 2016 for a four-year term. He is the first Chinese national to hold the post.

According to Meng's bio on Interpol's website, he has almost 40 years of experience in criminal justice and policing, during which he dealt with issues related to legal institutions, narcotics control, counterterrorism, border control, immigration and international cooperation.