英首相承诺推动英国在非洲投资

英国首相特蕾莎·梅8月28日星期二抵达南非，这是她的三国访问行程的第一站，目的在于促进英国在将来退出欧盟后的对外贸易关系。

特蕾莎·梅在开普敦发表演说时说，英国希望增强国家的利益，加深与非洲大陆的贸易关系。

她说：“我希望英国与在非洲的朋友之间建立新的伙伴关系。一个建立在共同繁荣和共享安全的基础上的新关系。” 特蕾莎·梅将于周三会见尼日利亚领导人，并于周四结束在肯尼亚的访问。

特蕾莎·梅与英国政府的部长级官员和多个商界代表组成的访问团一起出访。

UK's May Pledges to Boost Britain's Investments in Africa

Prime Minister Theresa May arrived in South Africa Tuesday, the first stop on a three nation visit, aimed at boosting post-Brexit trade ties.

May told an audience in Cape Town that Britain wants to boost national interest and deepen trade ties with the continent.

"I want to create a new partnership between the UK and our friends in Africa, one built around a shared prosperity and shared security," she said.

May will meet leaders in Nigeria Wednesday before wrapping up her trip in Kenya on Thursday.

The prime minister is traveling with a delegation of British government ministers and business representatives from various industries.

澳洲新政府周二宣誓就任

澳大利亚新任总理斯科特·莫里森宣誓就职
澳大利亚新任总理斯科特·莫里森宣誓就职
澳大利亚新政府内阁在堪培拉宣誓就职。经过一个星期的政治混乱和在不够十年时间内挑选该国第六任总理的人选后，新总理星期二正式上台。

澳大利亚新任总理斯科特·莫里森的内阁包括前总理特恩布尔的忠实支持者克里斯托弗·派恩担任新的国防部长。现任外交部长朱莉·毕晓普辞职，由前国防部长马里斯·佩恩继任。

大卫·科尔曼担任移民、公民与多元文化事务部长。特恩布尔的忠实支持者，澳大利亚国会参议员马蒂亚斯·科尔曼将在莫里森的新内阁担任财政部长。

内阁还包括麦肯齐，她将担任区域服务、体育、地方政府和权力下放部长。梅丽莎·普莱斯担任环境部长。

New Australian Cabinet sworn in Tuesday

The new Australian Cabinet was sworn in Tuesday in Canberra.

The new leaders are taking over following a week of political chaos and the selection of Australia's sixth prime minister in less than 10 years.

Prime Minister Scott Morrison's new Cabinet includes former Prime Minister Turnbull's loyalist Christopher Pyne as the new defense minister and the foreign minister position was given to former defense minister Marise Payne, following Julie Bishop's resignation.

David Coleman was installed as minister for immigration, citizenship and multicultural affairs. Senator Mathias Cormann, a one time Turnbull loyalist, will return as finance minister in Morrison's new Cabinet.

The cabinet also includes Bridget McKenzie, who will serve as minister for regional services, sport, local government and decentralization and Melissa Price as minister for the environment.