美司法部长开除联调局二把手麦凯布

美国司法部长塞申斯星期五晚上发布声明说，前美国联邦调查局副局长安德鲁·麦凯布(Andrew McCabe)被开除公职，立即生效。

曾经是联调局二把手的麦凯布曾经被川普总统公开批评有政治偏见。有报道说，川普总统早就想解雇他。麦凯布1月30号卸去副局长的职务，计划星期天、也是他的生日那天退休，享受所有退休福利。但是，他现在被解雇，他的部分、甚至全部退休金能否保留都成问题。

美国2016年大选前夕，麦凯布卷入一场争议。他的妻子2015年作为民主党人竞选维吉尼亚州参议员的时候从民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿的朋友、当时维吉尼亚州长特里·麦考利夫控制的政治行动委员会的捐款里拿了数十万美元。

当时是共和党总统候选人的川普根据这个消息质疑联邦调查局在调查希拉克使用私人电邮服务器问题上的公正性。后来联调局拒绝对希拉里·克林顿提出刑事指控。

联邦调查局当时说，麦凯布咨询了联调局负责职业操守的官员，他和联调局律师设立了一个回避系统，让他回避一切联调局有关维吉尼亚州政治活动的调查。

川普总统解聘联调局长科米的职务后，司法部长塞申斯让麦凯布担任代理局长。

麦凯布星期五晚上对他被解雇的消息做出回应说，由于他看到川普解雇科米过程中发生的一些事，所以成为被打击的目标。

麦凯布在联调局工作了22年。

Attorney General Fires Former No. 2 FBI Official McCabe

Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe has been fired -- effective immediately, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement released late Friday.

McCabe, at one time the No. 2 official in the agency whom President Donald Trump has publicly criticized for alleged political bias and reportedly wanted fired, stepped down from the agency Jan. 30. He had planned to retire on Sunday -- his birthday -- with full benefits. However, now that he has been fired, some or all of his pension could be at risk.

McCabe was thrust into controversy just days before the 2016 presidential election when it was disclosed that his wife, Jill McCabe, a Democratic candidate for a seat in the Virginia Senate in 2015, had taken hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations from a political action committee controlled by a friend of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton — then-Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe.

Trump, then the Republican presidential nominee, used the disclosure to question the FBI’s impartiality in investigating Clinton’s use of a private email server, before it declined to bring criminal charges against her.

At the time, the FBI said that McCabe had consulted bureau ethics officials and that he and FBI lawyers "implemented a system of recusal from all FBI investigative matters involving Virginia politics."

After Trump abruptly fired then-FBI Director James Comey over the Russia investigation in May 2017, Attorney General Sessions elevated McCabe to acting director.

McCabe responded to the news late Friday, saying he believed he was being "singled out" for things he witnessed when Trump fired Comey.

McCabe served 22 years with the FBI.

佛罗里达步行桥工程师早知已有裂缝

美国佛罗里达州的官员说，负责本星期坍塌步行桥的项目工程师在事故发生前两天曾经给一名州政府官员电话留言，警告说“有裂缝”。

佛罗里达运输部说，这个电话留言星期五才发现，因为收留言的州政府运输官员正好因公出差。

根据州运输部公布的电话留言，私营承包商费格桥梁集团的工程师说，他不认为步行桥上的裂缝是安全问题。不过他说，有裂缝肯定不好，必须进行修复。

佛罗里达当局星期五早些时候说，佛罗里达国际大学校园的步行桥坍塌造成的死亡人数已上升到6人，还说随着搜救人员在废墟中搜索几辆被埋的汽车，死亡人数可能更多。

当地警方证实，已经开始过失杀人的调查，但是说有关将提出刑事指控的报道并不属实。

步行桥坍塌还造成至少9人受伤。

Engineer on Florida Bridge Project Reported Cracks Days before Collapse

Officials in the state of Florida say the lead engineer responsible for a pedestrian bridge that collapsed this week left a voicemail for a state official two days before the accident warning of “some cracking.”

The Florida Department of Transportation said the voicemail was not retrieved until Friday because the state transportation official to whom the message was directed was out of the office on assignment.

According to a transcript of the call released by the department, the engineer with the private contractor FIGG Bridge Group said he did not consider the cracking on the bridge a safety issue.

“Obviously the cracking is not good,” he said, adding that something would have to be done to repair it.

Earlier Friday, authorities in Florida said the death toll from the collapsed pedestrian bridge on the campus of Florida International University had risen to six people. They said the toll is expected to climb as searchers dig through rubble, where several cars remain buried.

Local Police Department acknowledged a homicide investigation is under way but described as premature reports that criminal charges are imminent.

At least nine people were injured when the bridge.