尼日利亚总统在华盛顿与川普总统谈反恐和经济

美国总统川普周一在白宫迎接尼日利亚总统布哈里，试图重启与非洲的关系。

布哈里是首位在白宫与川普举行首脑会谈的撒哈拉以南非洲国家领导人。川普一直因据报针对非洲发表侮辱言论而饱受批评。

在与布哈里的公开交谈中 ，川普强调了诸如打击恐怖主义和扩大贸易等共同的目标和利益。

川普开玩笑说，“我们喜欢直升飞机，他比我还喜欢。” 川普指的是他的政府决定批准向尼日利亚出售6亿美元军火一事。

布哈里感谢川普批准这项交易，前总统奥巴马因为据称该国侵犯人权而中止了这项交易。

川普说，“我办好了这件事，现在你可以购买你想要的直升机了。我们制造的军事装备是世界上最好的，我们的朋友现在可以购买。”

人权组织一直谴责尼日利亚军方在历时近10年的打击博科圣地极端组织的行动期间犯下的折磨、强奸和法外杀戮行为。

这个极端组织臭名远扬，并把活动范围扩散到邻国，近年来对西非萨赫勒地区构成最严重的威胁。在该组织的叛乱中有数万人丧生，成百上千的学校女生被绑架。

Nigerian President Discusses Terrorism, Economy with Trump in Washington

U.S. President Donald Trump attempted to reset his relationship with Africa on Monday, as he hosted Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari.

Buhari is the first sub-Saharan African leader to have a White House summit with Trump, who has been criticized for reportedly making derogatory comments about Africa.

During his public remarks with Buhari, Trump focused mostly on common goals and shared interests, such as fighting terrorism and expanding trade.

"We love helicopters — he loves them more than I do," joked Trump, referring to his administration's decision to approve a $600 million military sales deal to Nigeria.

Buhari thanked Trump for approving the deal, which the administration of former President Barack Obama had suspended over allegations of human rights abuses.

"I worked it out so that now you can buy the helicopters that you want," Trump said, adding, "We make the best military equipment in the world, and our friends can now buy it."

Human rights groups have accused the Nigerian military of torture, rape and extrajudicial killing in its almost decade-long campaign against the Boko Haram extremist group.

Tens of thousands of people have been killed in the insurgency, and hundreds of schoolgirls kidnapped, as the group gained notoriety and spread to neighboring countries, posing one of the most severe threats to West Africa's Sahel region in recent years.

喀布尔自杀袭击打死26人 包括9名媒体人

星期一，阿富汗首都喀布尔发生连环自杀炸弹袭击，炸死至少26人，包括九名新闻从业者。还有至少50人受伤，包括五名新闻从业者。

“伊斯兰国”通过其“阿马克”(Amaq)通讯社宣称对袭击负责，这是对阿富汗境内媒体工作者所进行的最为致命的袭击。

当地媒体观察组织“阿富汗记者安全委员会”(AJSC)证明有记者死亡，并强烈谴责袭击。

死难者中有两名女记者，包括自由欧洲电台/自由电台(RFE/RL)的玛哈兰姆·杜拉尼。法新社(AFP)证实法新社驻喀布尔的首席摄影师沙阿·马拉伊丧生。两名自由欧洲电台的男性员工阿卜杜拉·哈南扎伊和阿巴乌恩·卡卡尔也遇难身亡。

阿富汗电视新闻一台(1 TV News)也证实有两名员工在星期一的袭击事件中遇难。

阿富汗当局和目击者说，袭击开始于早晨的交通高峰期。一名骑着摩托车的自杀炸弹手在阿富汗情报机构国家安全局附近引爆自尽。

喀布尔警方发言人哈施迈特‧伊斯塔尼卡扎伊说，几分钟后，当救援工作者和媒体人员聚集在现场时，伪装成记者的第二名炸弹手引爆了缠在自己身上的爆炸物，多数伤亡都是由此人引起的。

美国之音(VOA)发表声明，对同属美国国际广播局的自由欧洲电台/自由电台的新闻工作者在喀布尔爆炸事件中遇难表示哀悼。声明说：“5月3日就是世界新闻自由日，今天的悲剧提醒人们新闻从业者每天为全球受众带来准确、客观和可靠的消息时所面对的危险。”

驻阿美军和北约非作战使团的指挥官约翰·尼科尔森上将说：“我们以最强烈的方式谴责两名自杀炸弹手在喀布尔进行的懦夫式的袭击，袭击导致阿富汗部队和无辜阿富汗平民、包括新闻从业者的伤亡。”

在喀布尔袭击事件的几个小时后，一名身份不明的枪手在边境城市霍斯特打死了英国广播公司(BBC)在当地的新闻从业者艾哈迈德·沙赫。

阿富汗塔利班发表声明，否认卷入喀布尔和霍斯特的袭击事件。

Kabul Suicide Blasts Kill 26 People, Including 9 Journalists

A twin suicide bombing Monday in Afghanistan’s capital Kabul killed at least 26 people, including nine journalists. At least 50 people were wounded, including five journalists.

Islamic State through its Amaq news agency claimed responsibility for the deadliest ever assault on media workers in Afghanistan.

Local media watchdog, Afghan Journalist Safety Committee (AJSC), while confirming the media-related fatalities, strongly condemned the attack.

Two female journalists, including Maharram Durrani from RFE/RL, were among the dead. French news agency AFP has confirmed the death of its chief photographer in Kabul, Shah Marai. Two male staffers from RFE, Abadullah Hananzai and Abawoon Kakar, were also killed.

A leading Afghan television station, 1 TV News, has also confirmed the killing of two staffers in Monday's attack.

Afghan authorities and witnesses said the attack began during early morning rush hour with a suicide bomber on motorbike blowing himself up near an office of the National Directorate of Security, the country’s intelligence agency.

When rescue workers and media crews gathered at the site minutes later, a second bomber disguised as a journalist detonated explosives strapped to his body, causing most of the casualties, said Kabul police spokesman Hashmat Istanikzai.

In a statement, VOA said it was saddened by the loss of journalists from its sister network, RFE/RL, in the Kabul blasts. "With World Press Freedom Day on May 3, today's tragedy is a reminder of the dangers that journalists face every day to bring global audiences accurate, objective and reliable news," the statement said.

General John Nicholson, who commands U.S. forces and NATO's non-combatant mission in the country, said, "We condemn in the strongest terms possible the cowardly attacks in Kabul by two suicide bombers that killed and injured Afghan forces and innocent Afghan citizens, including journalists."

Hours after the attack in Kabul, unknown gunmen killed a local BBC journalist, Ahmad Shah, in the border city of Khost.

The Afghan Taliban issued a statement denying involvement in the attacks in Kabul and Khost.