首相： 神经毒剂袭击案“很可能”是俄罗斯所为

英国首相特蕾莎·梅12日说，英国政府认定本月初发生的前俄罗斯间谍谢尔盖· 斯科利帕和他女儿被神经毒剂袭击事件“很可能”是俄罗斯所为。

特蕾莎·梅在议会下院讲话时还说，这次事件中使用的神经毒剂是俄罗斯研发的军事级别的毒剂。

她说：“这起事件或者是俄罗斯政府对我们国家的直接行为，或者俄罗斯对于这种可能造成遭难后果的毒剂失去了控制，而导致它落入其他人手中。今天下午，我们的外交大臣召见了俄罗斯大使，要求他解释是哪一种可能。”

特蕾莎·梅表示，“到星期三，英国政府将根据俄罗斯的回应来考虑下一步行动。” 她说：“如果没有得到可信的回答，我们会认为这一行动是俄罗斯对英国非法使用武力。接下来，我会回到下院考虑完整的回应措施。”

俄罗斯媒体报道说，俄罗斯外交部称英国首相特蕾莎·梅的发言是“闹剧“和“挑衅”。
May: 'Highly Likely' Russia Responsible for Attack Against Former Spy

British Prime Minister Theresa May says the government has concluded it is "highly likely" that Russia was responsible for the poisoning earlier this month of former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia.

Speaking to the House of Commons Monday, Prime Minister May also said the nerve agent used in the attack in southwest England was a military-grade substance developed by Russia.

May said: "Either this was a direct act by the Russian state against our country, or the Russian government lost control of its potentially catastrophically damaging nerve agent and allowed it to get into the hands of others. This afternoon, my right honorable friend, the foreign secretary, has summoned the Russian ambassador to the Foreign and Commonwealth office and asked him, asked him to explain which of these two possibilities it is.

"Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, we will consider in detail the response from the Russian state. Should there be no credible response, we will conclude that this action amounts to an unlawful use of force by the Russia state against the United Kingdom. And I will come back to this house and set out the full range of measures that we would take in response."

Russia's Foreign Ministry called May's statement a "circus show" and "provocation," according to Russian news agencies.

美欧贸易高官本星期再谈关税问题

美国总统川普星期一说，美国将跟欧盟官员讨论他认为伤害美国经济的关税问题举行磋商。

川普在推特发文说，商务部长罗斯计划跟欧盟官员讨论总统所称的“欧盟对美国征收的高关税和贸易壁垒”。

川普说，这些征税“对我们的农民和制造商不公平”。

川普的推文跟刚过去的这个周末他的表态基本一致，当时川普说，欧盟有“非常美好的国家，但他们在贸易上对美国非常糟糕。”

代表世界上最大单一经济体的川普以及统称为最大经济体的欧盟28个成员国的官员，在川普向进口钢材和铝材分别征收25%和10%关税后发生争执。

作为回应，欧盟官员威胁要对进口自美国的标志性商品加税，这些商品包括哈雷摩托车、牛仔裤、波本威士忌、蔓越橘和橘子汁等。

川普于是暗示，如果欧盟对美国产品提高关税，他就会对德国出口到美国的热卖汽车征收新税。

欧盟最高贸易官员马尔斯托姆表示，贸易正被用做威胁和恐吓我们的手段。她说，但是我们不惧怕，我们将勇敢面对对我们欺侮。

美国、欧盟最高贸易官员星期六在布鲁塞尔会面，但是没有消除他们之间的分歧。马尔斯托姆表示，本星期会继续磋商。

U.S. and EU tariff talks continue this week

President Donald Trump said Monday the U.S. will be talking with European officials about eliminating tariffs it believes hurt the American economy.

Trump, in a Twitter remark, said Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross plans to talk with European Union officials about what the president described as "large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A."

He said the levies are "not fair to our farmers and manufacturers."

His tweet echoed comments this past weekend, when he said Europe has "wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade."

Trump, representing the world's single largest economy, and officials of the 28-nation EU, collectively the biggest economy, have sparred over Trump's imposition of a new 25 percent tariff on steel imports to the U.S. and 10 percent on aluminum imports.

In response, EU officials have threatened to add taxes to an array of signature U.S. exports, including Harley Davidson motorcycles, blue jeans, bourbon, cranberries and orange juice.

Trump in turn has suggested that if the Europeans boost tariffs on U.S. products he would impose new levies on popular German cars exported to the U.S.

Europe's top trade official, Cecilia Malmstroem, said trade is being used "as a weapon to threaten and intimidate us."

"But we are not afraid, we will stand up to the bullies," she said.

Top U.S. and EU trade officials met Saturday in Brussels, but failed to iron out their differences. Malmstroem said talks would continue this week.