南非非洲人国民大会党主席西里尔·拉马福萨星期四可能被南非议会选为南非的新总统。

执政的非国大负责计票的党鞭发布声明说，南非最高法官将到场认可南非新总统的选举。即将成为南非总统的西里尔·拉马福萨去年12月接任非国大主席。

在拉马福萨预计当选南非总统的前一天，身陷丑闻的祖马总统宣布辞职，立即生效。

75岁的祖马在非国大领导层的压力下在星期三下台。非国大领导层本星期早些时候认定，在祖马执政九年期间，南非经济停滞，腐败指称不断，因此罢免他的总统职务。

腐败指称包括他允许有钱有势的古普塔家族影响内阁任命以及他使用大约2千万美元的公共资金修缮他的私宅。

祖马在向南非全国发表的30分钟讲话中表示，非国大强迫他辞职，这不公平。

Cyril Ramaphosa Set to be Chosen as New South African President

African National Congress leader Cyril Ramaphosa is poised to be chosen Thursday by parliament as South Africa's new president.

The chief whip, or vote counter, of the ruling ANC party issued a statement that the country's chief justice will be on hand "to officiate in the election of the new president of South Africa." Ramaphosa is in line to ascend to the South African presidency as ANC president, a post he assumed in December.

The expected election of Ramaphosa comes a day after embattled President Jacob Zuma resigned "with immediate effect."

The 75-year-old Zuma stepped down Wednesday under pressure from ANC party leaders, who decided earlier this week to recall Zuma after nine years in office that have been marred by economic stagnation and numerous allegations of corruption.

The allegations include charges that he allowed the powerful Gupta family to influence cabinet appointments and that he used some $20 million in public funds for improvements at his private estate.

During a 30-minute address to the nation, Zuma said it was "unfair" the ANC had told him to resign.

美参议院权衡移民改革多种议案

美国参议院可能星期四就几项移民改革议案表决。国会正在考虑不同的议案，以最好地保护幼年时被带到美国的非法移民、加大保护边界安全的力度以及改变亲属连带关系的移民条件。

星期三晚间，两党的16名参议员组成的一个小组宣布就一项立法议案达成一致，为那些幼年被带到美国的年轻非法移民提供获得美国国籍的途径。这些人也被称为追梦者。

这项法案将在今后10年期间为改善边界安全提供250亿美元，同时对连续犯罪或严重犯罪、威胁美国国家安全以及去年6月底之后非法进入美国的人加大执法力度。

川普总统支持更广泛的移民改革，对亲属连带移民增加限制，优先让有高级技能的人移民，取消当前的抽签绿卡项目。

川普总统在白宫星期三发布的声明中敦促国会议员进行负责任、合乎常理的移民改革，为美国人民带来更大的利益。

US Senate Weighs Competing Immigration Proposals

The U.S. Senate could vote on several immigration reform proposals Thursday, as lawmakers weigh competing plans that address issues such as protecting young undocumented immigrants, boosting border security and changing the rules for family-based immigration.

Late Wednesday, a bipartisan group of 16 senators announced an agreement on legislation that would offer a path to citizenship for the undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children, sometimes referred to as Dreamers.

The bill would also authorize $25 billion in border security funding over the course of 10 years, while also focusing immigration enforcement efforts on repeat or serious criminals, those who represent a threat to national security and those who arrive in the country illegally after the end of June.

President Donald Trump backs more sweeping reforms that would add further limits to family-based immigration and prioritize newcomers who have advanced work skills over the current lottery system.

In a White House statement Wednesday, Trump urged lawmakers to enact "responsible and common sense immigration reform that delivers for the American people."