川普总统否认目前有任何退出世贸组织的计划

美国总统川普否认他目前有任何让美国退出世界贸易组织的计划。

川普总统星期五下午从马里兰州飞往新泽西州时在空军一号上对记者说：“我们受到世贸组织十分糟糕的对待。”

但是当记者问他是否打算带美国退出这个唯一处理国与国之间贸易规则的世界组织时，川普总统回答说：“目前不会，但是他们必须公平对待我们。”

川普总统看来越来越以对峙而不是合作来对待欧盟、7国集团、北约以及世贸组织。他多次强调说，以一对一的方式与其它国家达成贸易和战略协议对美国会更有益。

再过不到两个星期，川普总统将前往欧洲参加北约年度峰会，然后与英国首相特蕾莎·梅会谈，再前往中立国芬兰与俄罗斯总统普京会谈。

川普总统星期五在空军一号上说，他将向普京总统提及俄罗斯干预美国大选的问题以及华盛顿和莫斯科在乌克兰和叙利亚问题上的分歧。

法国总统马克龙星期五被问到川普总统是否真地向他建议法国应该退出欧盟。

今年4月在白宫与川普总统举行闭门会谈的马克龙总统回答说：“在会议室说的话只能留在会议室。”

川普总统6月早些时候在加拿大参加7国集团峰会时与美国一些最紧密的盟国领导人发生分歧，主张让俄罗斯返回这个集团。俄罗斯由于并吞了乌克兰的克里米亚，2014年被取消了集团成员资格。

Axios新闻网站说，川普总统对其他7国集团领导人说：“北约与北美自由贸易协定一样糟糕，让美国付出的太多。”

Trump Denies Immediate Plan to Withdraw from WTO

President Donald Trump is denying any immediate plan to withdraw the United States from the World Trade Organization (WTO).

“We have been treated very badly by the WTO,” Trump said to reporters on Air Force One during a short Friday afternoon flight from Maryland to New Jersey.

But asked if he intends to pull the United States from the only global international organization dealing with the rules of trade between nations, Trump replied, “Not at this point, but they have to treat us fairly.”

The remarks come as Trump appears increasingly intent on confrontation, rather than cooperation, with the European Union, the Group of Seven (G-7) nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the WTO. He has repeatedly suggested the United States would be better off pursuing trade and strategic deals with nations one-to-one.

Trump, in less than two weeks, heads to Europe for the annual NATO summit before separate meetings in Britain with Prime Minister Theresa May and then, in neutral Finland, with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Trump, on Friday’s Air Force One flight, said he would raise with Putin the issue of Russian election meddling, as well as differences between Washington and Moscow about Ukraine and Syria.

French President Emmanuel Macron was asked on Friday if it was true that Trump had suggested to him that France should leave the EU.

“What was said in the room stays in that room,” replied Macron about his private meeting with the U.S. president at the White House in April.

Trump, at the annual G-7 leaders’ meeting in Canada early this month, clashed with some of Washington’s closest allies and advocated readmitting Russia, which was suspended from the group in 2014 for annexing Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula.

The president, according to the online Axios news site, said to the other G-7 leaders,“NATO is as bad as NAFTA. It’s much too costly for the U.S.”

激进分子在马里袭击非洲多国部队总部

携带枪支和炸药的激进分子在马里中部地区袭击了一支非洲多国部队的总部，打死两名军人和一名平民。

袭击者星期五引爆了一辆装满炸药汽车，摧毁了萨赫勒五国集团部队总部的入口，然后冲进去开枪扫射。

萨赫勒五国集团部队去年建立，目的是根除在非洲西部萨赫勒地区的圣战分子，是一支由布基纳法索、乍得、马里、毛里塔尼亚和尼日尔军人组成的5000人部队。

担任萨赫勒五国集团主席的尼日尔总统伊素福证实了伤亡人数。马里官员说，两名袭击者也死于枪战。

伊素福在五国部队发表的声明中谴责说，“这是犯罪团伙的懦夫行径，他们的目标是破坏维持撒哈拉沙漠以南地区稳定的一个中坚力量”。

跟踪全世界军事行动的赛德情报集团说，基地组织的马里分支宣称它发动了这次袭击。

法国总统马克龙和萨赫勒五国领导人定于星期天在毛里求斯的非洲联盟峰会上会谈。法国在马里驻有军队。法国2013年的军事干预帮助马里政府军把与基地组织有联系的圣战者武装赶出北部地区。

Militants Attack Headquarters of African Taskforce in Mali

Militants armed with guns and explosives attacked the headquarters of an African military taskforce in central Mali, killing two soldiers and one civilian.

The attackers detonated a car packed with explosives destroying the entrance to the G5 Sahel headquarters Friday and then entered the compound firing guns.

G5 Sahel is a regional force created last year to root out jihadists in West Africa's Sahel region, and involves 5,000 troops from Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, Mauritania and Niger.

The chairman of the group, Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou, confirmed the death toll. Officials in Mali say two attackers were also killed in the gun battle.

In a statement from the G5 Force, Issoufou condemned “this cowardly act by criminal organizations whose aim is to destabilize one of the essential instruments for the stability of our sub-region.”

SITE, which monitors militant activity around the world, said al-Qaida's branch in Mali had reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack.

The assault comes shortly before French President Emmanuel Macron and leaders from the G5 countries are set to meet at an African Union summit starting Sunday in Mauritania. France also has troops in Mali, intervening in 2013 to help government forces drive al-Qaida-linked jihadists out of the north.