解除朝鲜边境军事武装的三方会谈开始

来自朝鲜和韩国的谈判代表以及美国领导的联合国军司令部星期二展开首轮会谈，讨论如何将戒备森严的南北分界线的一部分非军事化。

会谈将在所谓的联合安全区举行。自1953年朝鲜战争停战以来，美、韩、朝三方一直控制着这一联合安全区，理论上说朝韩仍处于战争状态。

朝鲜领导人金正恩和韩国总统文在寅上个月在平壤举行第三次峰会，期间双方达成协议，解除对联合安全区的武装，包括在今年年底前清除埋在地区内的地雷，以及拆除哨所、监视设备和其他军事装备。

联合安全区是非军事区内唯一一处朝鲜和韩国的部队面对面的地方。该地区长期以来一直用于外交接触。那里1976年发生一起血腥事件，当时有两名美国陆军军官被朝鲜士兵手持斧头杀害。

朝韩双方星期一在板门店休战村的高层会谈中还同意今年年底前展开一个联合项目，连接双方铁路和公路，并进行现代化改造。双方还同意11月份在北部的金刚山度假村就朝鲜战争离散家庭问题举行红十字会谈。

Three-Way Talks Begin on Disarming Key Part of Korean Border

Negotiators from North and South Korea, along with the U.S.-led United Nations Command, are holding their first talks Tuesday on demilitarizing a section of the heavily fortified border that separates the rival Koreas.

The talks will take place in the so-called Joint Security Area, which the three sides have controlled since the Korean War ended with a truce in 1953, leaving North and South Korea in a technical state of war.

During their third summit in Pyongyang last month, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in reached an agreement to disarm the JSA, including clearing mines buried within the small area, and removing guard posts, surveillance and other military equipment by the end of the year.

The Joint Security Area is the only spot within the Demilitarized Zone where troops from North and South Korea stand face-to-face. The area has long been used for diplomatic engagement. The JSA is also the scene of a bloody incident in 1976, when two U.S. Army officers were killed by ax-wielding North Korean soldiers.

During high-level talks Monday in the truce village of Panmunjom, the two Koreas agreed to begin a joint project to modernize and connect their rail and roadways before the end of the year. They also agreed to hold Red Cross talks related to families separated by the Korean War at the North's Mount Kumgang Resort in November.

中国希望进一步加强与中、东欧的关系

中国一位官员表示希望进一步加强与中欧和东欧的合作。中国目前已经为中欧和东欧的基础设施和其他项目提供融资，作为提高其全球影响力的部分努力。

中国交通部长李小鹏周二在与该地区16个国家的官员会晤时发表了讲话，这次会议的中心议题是交通连接。

中方的倡议是其涉及更广泛的“新丝绸之路”计划的一部分，该计划旨在通过投资和加强经济关系提高中国对欧洲和世界其他地方的影响力。

李小鹏说，“目前的国际形势非常复杂，不确定性也在增加。”他在一位官方翻译的评论中补充说，中国“愿意并准备”“在互补优势的基础上进一步深化合作”。

中国的投资努力以及引发了欧盟的担忧。

China Wants to Further Boost Ties in Central, East Europe

An official says China wants to further boost cooperation with Central and Eastern Europe where it is already financing infrastructure and other projects as part of a wider bid to increase global influence.

Transport Minister Li Xiaopeng spoke Tuesday at a meeting with officials from 16 countries from the region that focused on transport links.

The initiative is part of China's wider “New Silk Road” plan to boost influence in Europe and elsewhere in the world through investments and closer economic relations.

Li said the “current international situation is pretty complex and the facts of uncertainty have increased.” He adds in comments translated by an official interpreter that China is “willing and prepared” to “further deepen our cooperation based on the complementary advantage.”

China's investment efforts have sparked European Union concerns.