德克萨斯枪击案10死10伤

有关当局说，德克萨斯州圣达菲（Santa Fe）一名17岁的高中学生周五在校内开枪，打死10人，打伤10人。

德克萨斯州长格雷格·阿伯特说，警方在开枪嫌疑人家里、一辆汽车里以及这所高中附近发现了爆炸装置，其中包括燃烧瓶。

执法当局拘捕了开枪嫌疑人，并且公布此人是高中三年级学生、17岁的迪米特里奥斯·帕格西斯。

州长阿伯特说，嫌疑人行凶之后本来打算自杀，但是他被捕后对警察说，他没有勇气杀死自己。

美国总统川普称这次枪击是“极端令人发指的袭击”。他对受害者及其家属说，“我们在这个悲惨的时刻和你们在一起，永远在一起”。他还誓言“不让对自己和他人构成威胁的人摸到枪”。

国会众议院民主党领袖佩洛西说，防止枪支暴力的行动刻不容缓。

众议院共和党籍议长保罗·瑞安说，国会必须推行议员们最近通过的改革法案，“加强学校的安全，并且防止致命武器落入不应掌握的人手中”。

圣达菲位于德克萨斯州东南部，在休斯敦和加尔维斯敦之间。

10 Killed in Mass School Shooting in Texas

Ten people are dead and another 10 wounded after a 17-year-old opened fire Friday at a high school in Santa Fe, Texas, authorities said.

Texas Governor Greg Abbott says police found explosive devices, including a molotov cocktail, at the suspected shooter's home and a vehicle as well as around the Santa Fe High School where the shooting took place.

Law enforcement officials have the shooting suspect in custody, and say he is 17-year-old Dimitrios Pagourtzis, a school junior.

Abbot said the suspect originally intended to commit suicide following the shooting but told law enforcement after he was arrested that he didn't have the courage to go through with killing himself.

U.S. President Donald Trump described the shooting as an "absolutely horrific attack," one of many that have "been going on too long in this country." Trump told the victims and their families that "we're with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever." He vowed to get guns "out of the hands of those who pose a threat to themselves and to others."

The Democratic leader of the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, said urgent action is needed to prevent gun violence.

Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said Congress must implement reforms that lawmakers recently passed "to make schools safer and keep deadly weapons away from those who should not have them."

Santa Fe is located in southeastern Texas between the cities of Houston and Galveston.

刚果埃博拉病毒蔓延

世界卫生组织星期五在一份声明中说，它把在刚果民主共和国爆发的埃博拉病毒对该国公众健康的风险从“高”提高到“非常高”的级别。

世卫组织把刚果所在的非洲区域的埃博拉风险级别从“中等”提高到“高”风险，而全球的“低”风险级别维持不变。

世卫组织发表声明之前，在刚果西北地区赤道省有100多万人口的城市姆班达卡确认了一例新的埃博拉病毒感染病例。

姆班达卡距离本月早些时候最先发现埃博拉病毒流行的比科罗农村地区大约150公里。

世卫组织总干事谭德塞博士（Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus）说这是一个令人关切的变化。

世卫组织表示向姆班达卡派遣了30位专家监测局势。第一批的4000支实验性埃博拉疫苗星期三运抵刚果首都金沙萨。

自从埃博拉病毒上星期在这一地区爆发以来，总共有44个核实、可能或疑似病例，其中23人死亡。

埃博拉病毒1974年被确认，世界上最严重的埃博拉病毒流行发生在2014年。在几内亚、利比里亚和塞拉利昂等西非国家有1万1000多人死于埃博拉病毒。

Ebola Outbreak in Democratic Republic of Congo Spreads

The World Health Organization (WHO) said in a statement Friday that it is raising its assessment of the public health risk from Democratic Republic of Congo's Ebola outbreak from “high” to "very high" at the national level.

WHO raised the regional risk to "high" from "moderate" and kept its assessment of the global risk at "low".

The measure came after a new case of Ebola was confirmed in one of three health zones in Mbandaka, a city of more than one million people in the northwestern province of Equateur.

Mbandaka is located about 150 kilometers from the rural area of Bikoro, where the outbreak was detected earlier this month.

WHO Director-General Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus called it a concerning development.

The agency said it was deploying about 30 experts to conduct surveillance in the city. An initial batch of 4,000 experimental Ebola vaccines arrived Wednesday in the capital, Kinshasa.

A total of 44 confirmed, probable or suspected cases of Ebola have been reported since the outbreak was detected last week, including at least 23 deaths.

The worst Ebola outbreak since the virus was first identified in 1974 occurred in 2014, when more than 11,000 people died in the West African nations of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.