乌克兰坚决否认曾为波罗申科总统见川普而向其律师支付巨款

乌克兰愤怒地否认英国广播公司BBC一篇有关乌克兰为了安排一次川普总统和乌克兰总统波罗申科的会见而向川普总统的律师科恩支付了40万美元的报道。

波罗申科总统办公室称这篇报道为“弥天大谎、诽谤、不实之词”。乌克兰总检察长卢森科对美国之音说，他“十分遗憾”地得知，就连“最知名的西方媒体也不遵循平衡报道的原则，也不试图了解消息的另一面”。

英国广播公司的报道说，波罗申科2017年想与川普总统会面。他想打开一个接触川普总统的后门，因为华盛顿为乌克兰游说的人士只能安排一次简短握手与合影的机会。报道说，波罗申科想要的更多，想要一个能够被视为与美国总统正式会谈的机会。

英国广播公司说，波罗申科的两个中间人为了安排这样的会见向科恩支付了至少40万美元，甚至可能高达60万美元。

没有任何迹象显示川普总统知晓这次付款。

白宫没有就英国广播公司的这篇报道发表评论。科恩和两个乌克兰的中间人都表示否认。

Ukraine Denies Large Payment to Trump Lawyer for Meeting with President Poroshenko

Ukraine is bitterly denying a BBC report that it paid Donald Trump's lawyer, Michael Cohen, $400,000 to set up a meeting between Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.

Poroshenko's office calls the story a "blatant lie, slander and fake." Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko tells VOA he is "very sorry" to hear that even "the most notable Western media outlets don't abide by the principle of balanced reporting and don't attempt to get the other side of the story."

According to the BBC, Poroshenko desired to meet with Trump in 2017. He wanted to open a so-called back channel to Trump because Ukrainian lobbyists in Washington could only arrange a brief photo opportunity and handshake. Poroshenko wanted much more and something that could be portrayed as full talks with the U.S. president.

The BBC said two Poroshenko intermediaries paid Cohen at least $400,000 and as much as $600,000 to set up the meeting.

There is no indication Trump knew about the payment.

There has been no comment from the White House on the BBC report. Cohen and the two Ukrainian intermediaries have denied it.

如果美国继续“邪恶行径”朝鲜将重新考虑是否举行峰会

朝鲜说，如果美国继续它所称的“邪恶行径”，朝鲜将重新考虑是否还与川普总统举行峰会。

平壤是对美国副总统彭斯讲话做出的反应。彭斯星期一在美国福克斯电视新闻上警告金正恩说，如果在会谈之前与美国耍把戏，他将铸成“大错”。

彭斯还说，如果金正恩不达成协议，朝鲜最后的下场可能会像利比亚一样。

利比亚在放弃核武器项目和长期执政的独裁者卡扎菲被打死以后，长期陷入政治和社会动荡。

朝鲜副外相崔善姬使用了与平壤当局一样严厉的措辞，称彭斯的讲话是“信口开河、肆无忌惮”。

朝鲜国家通讯社援引崔善姬的话说：“我作为参与对美事务的个人，感到无比惊讶，这样无知和愚蠢的话竟能出自一位美国副总统之口。”

崔善姬还暗示，朝鲜并不需要与川普的峰会。她说：“我们不央求与美国对话。如果他们不想和我们坐下来谈，我们也不会为劝说他们而白费力气。”

川普总统星期三说，美国到下星期就能知道他是否会按计划6月12号在新加坡与金正恩会面。

North Korea to reconsider Summit if US Continues 'Evil Acts'

North Korea is saying it will reconsider a summit with President Donald Trump if the U.S. continues with what it calls "evil acts."

Pyongyang was reacting to comments by Vice President Mike Pence who appeared on Fox News Monday to warn Kim Jong Un he would be making a "great mistake" to play around with the United States before the talks.

Pence also said North Korea could wind up like Libya if Kim does not make a deal.

Libya has been in political and social turmoil since it gave up its nuclear ambitions and its longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi was killed.

North Korea's Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hiu made no attempt to soften her government's offense, calling Pence's words "unbridled and impudent."

"As a person involved in U.S. affairs, I cannot suppress my surprise at such ignorant and stupid remarks gushing from the mouth of a U.S. vice president," the state run news agency reported Thursday.

Choe also hinted that the North does not need a summit with Trump. "We will neither beg the U.S. for dialogue nor take the trouble to persuade them if they do not want to sit together with us."

Trump said Wednesday the U.S. will know by next week whether he will meet with Kim on June 12 in Singapore as scheduled.