美国将与英、日及欧盟举行贸易谈判

白宫宣布将分别与英国、欧盟和日本就贸易协议进行谈判的计划。

美国贸易代表莱特希泽说：“我们将争取尽早完成谈判，为美国工人、牧场主和公司带来实际利益。”

他还说，白宫希望“解决贸易关税及非关税壁垒，实现更公平、更平衡的贸易”。

莱特希泽依照法律要求，将白宫有意开始贸易谈判的三份函件分别递交给国会。他在函件中说，英国预计3月29日正式脱欧，此后只要英国做好准备，与英国的谈判将立即开始。

莱特希泽说，美国和欧盟的经济伙伴关系是世界上最大、最复杂的关系。他提到美国对欧盟的1510亿美元贸易逆差。

在有关与日本进行贸易谈判的函件中，莱特希泽说，日本是美国出口产品的重要市场，但实际贸易状况往往不尽人意。他也提到美国对日本的巨额贸易逆差。

来自俄勒冈州的参议院金融委员会资深民主党成员怀登表示，希望特朗普行政当局不要达成他所说的“仓促、不完整的协议”。他说：“行政当局必须全面解决贸易壁垒的问题，包括利用这个机会在劳工权利、环境保护以及网络贸易等方面制定高标准。”

特朗普总统今年对欧盟出口到美国的钢铝产品加征关税。他还威胁要对欧盟的汽车加征关税，因为那些不公平的协议使美国处于劣势。

US to Open Trade Talks With Britain, EU, Japan

The White House has announced plans to negotiate separate trade deals with Britain, the European Union and Japan.

"We are committed to concluding these negotiations with timely and substantive results for American workers, farmers, ranchers and businesses," U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said Tuesday.

He added that the White House wanted to "address both tariff and non-tariff barriers and to achieve fairer and more balanced trade."

As required by law, Lighthizer sent three separate letters to Congress announcing the intention to open trade talks.

He wrote that the negotiations with Britain would begin "as soon as it's ready" after Britain's expected exit from the European Union on March 29.

Lighthizer called the economic partnership between the U.S. and EU the "largest and most complex"in the world, noting the U.S. has a $151 billion trade deficit with the EU

Writing about Japan, Lighthizer said it is "an important but still often underperforming market for U.S. exporters of goods," noting that Washington also has a large trade deficit with Tokyo.

The top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, Oregon's Ron Wyden, cautioned the administration against making what he called "quick, partial deals."

"The administration must take the time to tackle trade barriers comprehensively, including using this opportunity to set a high bar in areas like labor rights, environmental protection and digital trade," he said.

President Donald Trump imposed tariffs on European steel and aluminum exports earlier this year and has threatened more tariffs on cars as a reaction to what he said were unfair deals that put the U.S. at a disadvantage.

美国发函退出万国邮政联盟

美国周三正式采取行动退出最古老的国际组织之一，以降低来自美国境外邮递包裹的运费。

国务院正在发出被称为退出通知书的正式信函，退出万国邮政联盟（万国邮联），这是遵照特朗普总统认为的给中国在线商务带来的不公平优势所做的回应，同时也包括其他国家如法国和德国。

根据现有的国际邮政系统，从中国运往美国的包裹比从美国运到中国的要便宜。

特朗普政府一名高级官员在一个情况简报会上对记者说：“这给美国邮政系统带来了巨大成本，”必须以交叉补贴的方式向美国公司收取更高的费用以降低这一成本，”而这影响到工作机会。“

该官员称，这种不公平的国际邮政费率也被中国用于向美国邮递假冒商品和芬太尼等麻醉品。

从现在开始，美国将对2公斤以下的包裹“自行定价”，以纠正美国官员所称的“重大经济扭曲”。

US Dispatches Goodbye Letter to Universal Postal Union

The United States formally moved on Wednesday to withdraw from one of the oldest international organizations in a bid to lower rates for foreign postal deliveries of small packages in the United States.

The formal notification, known as a letter of denunciation, to withdraw from the Universal Postal Union (UPU) is being sent by the State Department in response to what the administration of President Donald Trump views as an unfair advantage primarily for China, but also for such other countries as France and Germany, in online commerce.

The existing international postal system makes it cheaper to ship a package from China to America than from one side of the United States to the other.

"It creates huge costs to the U.S. postal system," which has to charge higher rates to American companies in a cross-subsidy, "so that costs jobs," according to a senior Trump administration official, speaking to reporters on a background briefing call.

The unfair international postal rates, according to the official, also are being used by China to ship counterfeit goods and narcotics, such as fentanyl, to the United States.

From now on, the United States will have "self-declared rates" for packages under 2 kilograms (4.4 pounds) to correct what U.S. officials call a "major economic distortion."