联调局长：美国的反恐威胁中中国更胜俄罗斯

美国安全官员周三表示，随着11月国会中期选举临近，中国正在前所未有地影响美国公众舆论，并对美国构成长期反间谍行动的最大威胁。

参议院国土安全委员会成员向国土安全部部长克丝珍·尼尔森和联邦调查局局长克里斯托弗·雷提出问询，了解有关特朗普总统指出的中国正在影响美国大选的说法，以及北京是否对美国构成了比俄罗斯更大的威胁。

尼尔森对小组成员表示，美国选举安全受到来自其他国家的两种威胁，一是黑客入侵或中断选举基本设施，如选民登记名单或投票机，一是施展影响力。

尼尔森说：“中国绝对是以前所未有的，或者正在进行前所未有的努力来影响美国的舆论。”她说， “不过迄今为止，我们还没有看到中国企图破坏选举基础设施的行为。”

当被问及中国是否构成比俄罗斯更大的威胁时，联调局局长雷说得更为严重。俄罗斯在2016年总统大选期间的活动正受到联邦调查，其中包括莫斯科是否与特朗普的竞选活动合作以影响选民投票。

雷说，“从很多方面来说，中国代表了我们所面临的最广泛、最复杂、最长期的反间谍威胁，”他说，“苏联解体后，俄罗斯在很多方面都在为争取不落伍而战。他们的战斗是为今天而战。中国则是为明天而战。

FBI Director: China Trumps Russia in Counterterrorism Threat to US

China is waging an unprecedented campaign to influence American public opinion as November congressional elections approach and presents the greatest long-term counterintelligence threat to the United States, U.S. security officials said on Wednesday.

Senators on the Homeland Security Committee questioned Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and FBI Director Christopher Wray about President Donald Trump's assertion that China is interfering in U.S. elections and asked if Beijing poses a larger threat to the country than Moscow.

Nielsen told the panel that there were two types of threats to American election security from other nation: hacking or disruption of election infrastructure, which includes voter registration lists or voting machines, and influence campaigns.

"China absolutely is on an unprecedented - or exerting unprecedented effort to influence American opinion," Nielsen said. "We have not seen to date any Chinese attempts to compromise election infrastructure."

Wray went farther when asked whether China posed a larger threat than Russia, whose activities during the 2016 presidential election are the subject of a wide-ranging federal investigation that includes whether Moscow cooperated with the Trump campaign to sway the vote.

"China in many ways represents the broadest, most complicated, most long-term counterintelligence threat we face," Wray said. "Russia is in many ways fighting to stay relevant after the fall of the Soviet Union. They're fighting today's fight. China's is fighting tomorrow's fight."

美国财政部发布外国投资新规

美国财政部对外国投资进入美国公司发布了新的规定，这将扩大政府以国家安全为由阻止外国并购交易的权力。

这些规则是美国与中国之间日益激烈的经济冲突升级的最新展示。新规则将实施一项计划，对国会今年夏天批准的外国收购进行更严格的审查。

新规则将要求外国投资者向一个由财政部领导的跨机构委员会申报所有能让他们获得涉及27个行业的关键技术的交易，包括半导体、电信和国防。

美国财政部长努钦说，新规定将“解决美国关键技术面临的特定风险问题”。

US Treasury Issues New Rules on Foreign Investments

The Treasury Department has issued new rules on foreign investments into American companies that will give the government more power to block foreign transactions on national security grounds.

The rules represent the latest escalation in an intensifying economic conflict between the United States and China. It will implement a program for tougher reviews of foreign acquisitions that Congress approved this summer.

The new regulations will require foreign investors to alert a Treasury-led interagency committee to all deals that would give the foreign investors access to critical technology covering 27 industries, including semiconductors, telecommunications and defense.

Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says the new rules will "address specific risks to U.S. critical technology."