越南为遏制中国扩张努力密切与澳大利亚关系

越南在努力争取国际帮助遏制中国在有主权争议的南中国海扩大势力之际，与澳大利亚的关系日益紧密。

澳大利亚外交部说，越南和澳大利亚3月15号签署了战略伙伴关系协议，扩大高层对话，把2009年以来形成的伙伴关系进一步升级。两国的伙伴关系包括保证共同应对“安全威胁”以及在海事政策的制定上进行合作。

越南正努力争取获得更多的国际帮助，遏制实力更强的中国在有主权争议的南中国海的扩张。澳大利亚也希望更多涉入东南亚事务。澳大利亚在东南亚有安全和商业利益。

中国和越南在总面积350万平方公里的南中国海上有主权争端。台湾和其他三个东南亚国家也对南中国海有主权声索。

分析人士说，越南正努力发展与多国的友好关系，以保护其海上渔船、近海能源开发以及主权声索。

美国的长期盟友澳大利亚与中国有自己的问题。澳大利亚和印度、日本和美国结成了四国联盟。

澳大利亚和越南2016年和2017年的贸易额为90亿美元，越南是澳大利亚的第15大贸易伙伴国。

Vietnam Courts Closer Ties with Australia to Check China

Vietnam is edging closer to Australia as it seeks broader international help in checking China’s expansion in the disputed South China sea.

The two countries signed on March 15 a strategic partnership to increase high-level dialogue, marking an upgrade to other partnerships in effect since 2009, the Australian foreign affairs department says. The partnership includes pledges to address “security threats,” and work together on “maritime policy-making.”

Australia and Vietnam reached the agreement as Vietnam seeks wider help in keeping the more powerful Beijing in check in the contested South China Sea. Australia is also looking for more inroads into Southeast Asia, where it has security and business interests.

China and Vietnam dispute sovereignty over parts of a resource-rich sea that stretches across 3.5 million square kilometers. Taiwan and three other Southeast Asian countries have claims in the same sea.

Australia, a long-time U.S. ally facing its own problems with China, belongs to a quadrilateral alliance of Western-aligned countries including India, Japan and the United States.

Trade between Australia and Vietnam in 2016 and 2017 reached $9 billion, making Vietnam Australia's 15th largest trading partner.


缅甸总统吴廷觉辞职

缅甸总统吴廷觉星期三辞职。缅甸总统府说，吴廷觉总统希望辞职休息。

今年71岁的吴廷觉是缅甸数十年来第一位民主选举产生的总统，但是他的政治朋友昂山素季出任国务资政、成为缅甸实际上的领导人之后，总统基本是一个象征性职位。依照缅甸宪法，昂山素季不能当总统。

曾经是将军的缅甸副总统敏瑞将担任临时总统，直到新的总统选出。

缅甸总统府说，依照宪法规定，新总统将在7个工作日之内选出。

Myanmar President Resigns

Myanmar's President Htin Kyaw resigned Wednesday with his office saying he wants to take a rest from his duties.

The 71-year-old Htin Kyaw was the country's first democratically elected president in decades, but served in a largely ceremonial role after his friend Aung San Suu Kyi became Myanmar's de facto leader with the title of state councilor. She is constitutionally barred from holding the presidency.

Vice President Myint Swe, a former general, will serve as interim president until a new full-time leader is chosen.

The president's office said that as specified in the constitution, the choice of a new president will come within seven working days.