美国学生罢课纪念枪击惨案周年之际又发生高中枪击案

美国东南部佛罗里达州的一名高中生星期五开枪打伤了一名同学。同一天，全美各地学生走出教室，纪念近20年前发生的一起高中屠杀案的周年日。

星期五的枪击事件发生在佛州奥卡拉的森林高中。马里昂郡治安官办公室说，嫌疑人已被羁押。

全国范围的罢课活动是由佛罗里达州帕克兰的玛乔里·斯通曼高中的学生组织的。2月14日，一名前学生在这所高中开枪行凶，打死了17名学生和教职员。

帕克兰枪击惨案在全国范围激起了要求制定更严格的控枪法律的草根运动，华盛顿和全美各地其它城镇最近都有游行活动。

星期五，华盛顿地区的高中生在白宫集会，随后游行走向国会山，要求议员们采取行动。

全美各地有2600多所学校和其它机构的学生走出了教室，有些人身穿桔黄色服装，这一颜色已成为控枪运动的象征。

星期五的活动是为了纪念发生在1999年4月20日的科伦拜校园屠杀案。这起惨案发生在美国西部科罗拉多州的科伦拜高中，当时，两名学生在学校四处行凶，打死了12名同学和一名教师，随后自杀。

支持拥枪权的一些人士在一些地方举行了针锋相对的示威。美联社报道说，大约200人在堪萨斯州首府托皮卡的州议会外集会。在新罕布什尔州首府康科德，也有大约30名拥枪抗议者出现在州议会外。

Student Shot on Day of US Walkouts Marking School Massacre Anniversary

A high school student in the southeastern U.S. state of Florida shot and wounded a classmate Friday, the same day thousands of students across the country walked out of class to mark a high school massacre that occurred nearly two decades ago.

Friday's shooting took place at Forest High School in Ocala, Florida and the Marion County Sheriff's Department said the suspected shooter is in custody.

The nationwide walkout was organized by students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 students and staff members were killed by a former student on February 14.

The Parkland massacre triggered a national grassroots campaign for more restrictive gun control laws that included recent marches in Washington and in other cities and towns throughout the United States.

Washington area high school students rallied at the White House before marching on Capitol Hill to demand action from lawmakers.

They joined students from more than 2,600 high schools and other institutions across the country who walked out of class, many wearing orange - a color that has come to represent the gun control movement.

Friday's activities were in commemoration of the April 20, 1999 mass shooting at Columbine High School in the western state of Colorado, when two students roamed the school, killing 12 of their classmates and a teacher before committing suicide.

Gun rights supporters held counter-demonstrations in some locations. The Associated Press reported that about 200 people rallied outside the Kansas state capitol in Topeka, and about 30 pro-gun protesters showed up outside the New Hampshire state house in Concord.

美法院裁定司法部不得切断对“庇护城市”的拨款

美国芝加哥市的联邦上诉法院裁定，川普政府不得因为一些所谓“庇护城市”帮助非法移民而对其采取惩罚性的措施。

美国第七巡回上诉法院周四裁定，司法部不得取消向芝加哥等城市提供的公共安全拨款。芝加哥等城市在打击非法移民方面拒绝与司法部合作。

芝加哥市长伊曼纽尔说：“从第一天起，我们就说我们不会允许川普的司法部欺负或恐吓这个城市放弃其价值观。”

美国司法部长塞申斯去年宣布芝加哥等城市必须允许联邦移民当局无限制地进入当地监狱，而且地方当局如果释放任何违反移民规定者，也必须提前48小时通知联邦有关当局，否则司法部就会切断向某些城市提供的某些拨款。芝加哥市随后将司法部告上法庭。

除了联邦第七巡回上诉法院以外，加州和费城地区的联邦法院之前也都有裁决，限制政府采取措施来强迫一些城市与联邦移民执法机构合作。

Court Rules Department of Justice Can’t Block Funds for Sanctuary Cities

The federal appeals court in Chicago has rejected the Trump administration's efforts to punish so-called "sanctuary cities" for helping illegal immigrants.

The Seventh U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Thursday that the Justice Department cannot deny public safety grants to cities like Chicago that resist cooperating in the department's crackdown on undocumented immigrants.

Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said that "from day one when we said we weren't going to allow the Trump Justice Department to bully or intimidate the city off of its values.”

Chicago sued last year after U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that he would cut off cities from certain Justice Department grants unless they allowed federal immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and provided 48 hours notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations.

The ruling makes it the latest federal court, along with courts in California and Philadelphia, to restrict what the administration can try to do to pressure jurisdictions that restrict some cooperation with federal immigration enforcement.