川普：即使伊朗核协议失效 也不许伊朗制造核武器

美国总统川普星期五在和德国总理默克尔举行的记者会上说，即使防止伊朗获得核武的协议失效，也不许伊朗建立核武库。

川普对记者说：“他们将不会制造核武器，你可以相信这一点。”

有记者问到，如果2015年达成的伊朗核协议失效，而伊朗恢复它的核武器项目，他可能采取哪些行动，包括军事行动。川普回答说：“我不谈论我是否会使用武力。”

德国总理默克尔星期五会晤川普之后和他一同举行了记者会。她说，伊朗核协议“很不完善”，“不能解决伊朗的所有问题”。

她说，这个协议是限制伊朗恶劣行为的一种手段，但是，柏林认为限制伊朗的威胁是“非常重要的”。伊朗正在对连年内战的叙利亚施加地缘政治影响。

默克尔说，在川普总统接近就伊朗核协议做出决定之际，德国政府将继续同美国保持非常密切的磋商。

按照美国国会的要求，川普政府必须每隔90天向国会确认伊朗在遵守协议。下一个期限是5月12日。

川普多次对这项协议表示轻蔑，包括使用“丢脸”、“愚蠢”和“最糟糕的协议”等字眼来形容这项协议。

Trump: No Iran Nukes Even if Agreement Folds

Standing alongside Germany's chancellor, U.S. President Donald Trump emphasized on Friday that Iran will not be permitted to build a nuclear arsenal, even if a deal intended to prevent that scenario collapses.

"They're not going to be doing nuclear weapons, you can bank on it," Trump told reporters.

Asked about possible actions, including use of force, that he could take if Iran restarts its nuclear weapons program if the deal made in 2015, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), is abandoned, the president replied: "I don't talk about whether or not I'd use military force."

German Chancellor Angela Merkel, appearing with Trump at the news conference following their Friday meetings, described the JCPOA as "anything but perfect," adding "it will not solve all the problems of Iran.

She described it as one piece to limit Iran's bad actions, while saying Berlin considers it of "prime important" to contain threats from Iran as it exerts geopolitical influence in Syria, which has been wracked by years of civil war.

Merkel said her government would continue to be in very close discussions with the United States as the president nears a decision on the Iranian nuclear accord, signed in 2015 by Iran with China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom, the United States and the European Union.

The Trump administration is required to recertify to the U.S. Congress every 90 days that Iran is complying with the deal. The next deadline is May 12.

The U.S. president repeatedly has heaped scorn on the agreement, including referring to it as a "disgrace," "stupid" and the "worst deal ever negotiated."


川普：众议院报告证明没有“勾结”俄罗斯

美国总统川普称赞了共和党领导的众议院情报委员会公布的一份报告。他说，报告证明川普竞选团队与俄罗斯政府没有勾结。

川普总统和来访的德国总理默克尔一道举行记者会时被问到了这个问题。川普说：“我们感到荣幸。这是一份很棒的报告。没有勾结。这我早就知道了。”

他称涉俄调查是“猎巫”，也就是捕风捉影式的政治迫害。同天早晨他在推特上也使用了这个词。他还说：“如果我们能够跟俄罗斯处得好，那是好事，不是坏事。但是没有人比我对俄罗斯更强硬了。”

川普被问到的问题是关于众议院情报委员会星期五公布的243页的报告。这份报告因保密原因有大量内容被遮盖。报告得出结论说，虽然俄罗斯确实干预了选举，有关川普卷入俄罗斯干预行动的说法并不成立。

报告说，俄罗斯官员与川普竞选助理的接触是“欠考虑的”，并说，至少一人在司法作证时可能给了“不完整”的答案。

委员会的共和党成员说，他们的报告依据了与73人的面谈以及对30多万份文件的审阅。

Trump: House Report Proves "No Collusion" With Russia

U.S. President Donald Trump has commended the release of a report by the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee, saying it proves there was no collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.

Questioned about it during a joint news conference with visiting German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Trump said, "We were honored. It was a great report. No collusion, which I knew anyway."

He called the investigation "a witch hunt," echoing a phrase he had tweeted earlier that morning, and added: "If we can get along with Russia, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. But there has been nobody tougher on Russia than me."

Trump was questioned about the 243-page report released Friday by the House Intelligence Committee. It contained a large number of redactions and a conclusion that while the meddling by Russia was real, Trump's alleged involvement was not.

It called contacts between Russian officials and campaign aides "ill advised" and says at least one person may have given answers in legal testimony that were "incomplete."

The Republicans on the committee said their report was based on interviews with 73 people and review of more than 300,000 documents.