前韩国总统李明博因腐败案接受问话

前韩国总统李明博星期三接受检察官员有关一项严重腐败案件调查的问话。此前有很多高层领导人由于卷入丑闻而声誉受损。

今年76岁的李明博被怀疑从韩国国家情报院、三星公司以及其它公司和个人接受了1000万美元的贿赂。还有指称说，李明博从汽车零部件厂商DAS公司贪污了多达3000万美元。李明博的兄弟是DAS公司的最大股东，但是检察官相信李明博是公司实际所有人。

属于保守派的李明博2008年到2013年担任韩国总统。他在抵达首尔中心区检察官办公室接受问话时对引发公众关注表示歉意，并表示希望他是最后一位面临刑事调查的前总统。

李明博在调查期间始终坚称自己无辜，称调查为现任总统文在寅的“政治报复”。

Ex-South Korean President Questioned in Corruption Probe

Former South Korean President Lee Myung-bak was questioned by prosecutors Wednesday in connection to a massive corruption probe, joining a long list of ex-leaders tainted by scandal.

The 76-year-old Lee is suspected of accepting over $10 million in bribes from the National Intelligence Service, as well as Samsung and other businesses and individuals. The ex-president is also alleged to have embezzled as much as $30 million from auto parts company DAS. Lee's brother is the largest shareholder in DAS, but prosecutors believe Lee actually owns the company.

The conservative Lee, who served as president from 2008 to 2013, publicly apologized when he arrived at the Seoul Central District Office for questioning. "I am deeply sorry for causing concern to public," he said, while offering hope that he will be "the last former president" to face a criminal probe.

Lee has maintained his innocence throughout the investigation, calling it "political revenge" by current liberal President Moon Jae-in.

有报道说 川普总统或更换退伍军人事务部长

美国总统川普考虑用现任能源部长佩里取代面临麻烦的退伍军人事务部长舒尔金。

了解白宫有关这项人事任免讨论的消息来源对美联社说，川普总统认为舒尔金已经成为干扰退伍军人事务部的因素，考虑以更换部长来让这个部门重新走上正轨。

舒尔金因出差和在退伍军人事务部的领导力等若干问题而受到调查，但是川普总统此前一直对他为扭转该部工作而付出的努力大加赞赏。

舒尔金在内部受到很多人的反对。最新的指称说，他带一名负责他保安的人员到家得宝购物，并让他把购买的物品送到家里。

一份内部报告还认定舒尔金去年夏天带妻子前往欧洲的做法违反职业道德。

川普总统及其高级顾问对舒尔金感到头疼，因为他们认为舒尔金在若干问题上影响了白宫的工作，而且在退伍军人事务部不愿意与川普总统任命的其他官员合作。舒尔金是唯一从奥巴马政府继续留用的内阁成员。

白宫一位官员对美联社说，川普总统在星期一的午餐会议上提到用佩里取代舒尔金的想法，但是没有做出正式决定。这位白宫官员说，川普总统对舒尔金十分不满，但是过去也经常在提出人事任免的想法后并不实施。

Report: Trump Looking to Replace VA Secretary

U.S. President Donald Trump is considering replacing the embattled Veterans Affairs secretary David Shulkin with Rick Perry, the current energy secretary.

A source familiar with the White House discussions told the Associated Press that Trump has floated the notion of the cabinet reshuffle as a way to right the ship at the VA, believing Shulkin has become a distraction to the department’s work.

Shulkin has faced several investigations over his travel and leadership of the department, but until now has received praise from the president for his work to turn around the department.

Shulkin faces an insurgency from within the agency and new allegations that he had a member of his security detail go shopping with him at Home Depot and then carry the purchases into his house.

An internal report has also found ethics violations in connection with the secretary’s trip to Europe with his wife last summer.

Trump and his senior aides are frustrated with Shulkin because they believe he has undermined the White House on several occasions and is unwilling to work with other members of his agency who were appointed by the Trump administration. Shulkin is the sole holdover from the Obama administration.

Trump raised the idea with Perry during a lunch meeting Monday but did not offer the job to him, a White House official told AP. Trump has been angry with Shulkin, the official said, but is known to float staffing changes without always following through.