美国退出伊核协议 恢复对伊朗制裁

美国总统川普星期二正式宣布退出与伊朗签署的多国协议，批评这项协议是“糟糕的只对一方有利的协议，原本就不该签署”。

川普总统在白宫外交厅宣布美国立即恢复所有根据伊核协议暂停的针对伊朗的制裁。

川普总统随即签署了一份备忘录，命令美国联邦政府各部门恢复他的前任奥巴马总统暂停的对伊朗的核制裁。

川普总统说，伊核协议“没有带来平静，没有带来和平，而且永远也带不来”。

安理会5个常任理事国，即美国、俄罗斯、中国、英国和法国再加德国与伊朗签署协议，目的是以防止伊朗获得核武器换取停止制裁。

川普总统说，“在我看来很明显，”根据这项协议，“我们无法防止伊朗获得核弹”。他还说，“美国将退出伊核协议”，因为“美国绝不能成为核讹诈的目标”。

US Withdraws from Iran Nuclear Deal, Reimposes Sanctions

U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday formally renounced the multinational nuclear agreement with Iran, decrying it as "a horrible one-sided deal that should have never, ever been made."

Trump, in remarks from the White House Diplomatic Room, declared that the United States is immediately reinstating all Iran-related sanctions it waived as part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).

Trump then signed a memorandum ordering U.S. agencies to reinstitute all nuclear sanctions on Iran that were waived by Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama.

The JCPOA "didn't bring calm, it didn't bring peace, and it never will," said Trump.

The 2015 pact was struck between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council — the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France — and Germany. The deal aimed to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons in exchange for sanctions relief.

The president asserted that "it is clear to me that we cannot prevent an Iran nuclear bomb" under the pact, adding "the United States will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal" because "America will not be held hostage to nuclear blackmail."

新任美国驻德国大使敦促德国公司尽快撤离伊朗

美国新任驻德国大使理查德·格雷内尔（Richard Grenell）向德国总统递交到任国书之后，随即告诉德国公司开始撤离伊朗。

格雷内尔星期二在推特上发文说：“如唐纳德·川普所说，美国的制裁将针对伊朗经济的关键领域。在伊朗做生意的德国公司应该立即开始收摊。“

川普总统宣布，美国推出伊核协议，恢复对伊朗的制裁。

继续与伊朗做生意的公司可能会面临美国的惩罚。

德国是伊核协议签字国之一，德国总理默克尔认为美国应该继续留在伊核协议。

New US Ambassador to Berlin Warns German Businesses to Leave Iran

Soon after presenting his credentials to the German president, the new U.S. ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, told German companies to start leaving Iran.

"As Donald Trump said, U.S. sanctions will target critical sectors of Iran's economy. German companies doing business in Iran should wind down operations immediately," Grenell tweeted Tuesday.

President Trump announced he is pulling the United States out of the nuclear deal with Iran and reimposing sanctions.

Businesses continuing to do business with Iran could be subject to U.S. penalties.

Germany is one of the signatories, and Chancellor Angela Merkel believes the U.S. should have remained in the deal.