又有一名白宫助理因家暴指称辞职

白宫星期五晚上证实，又有一名职员因家暴指控而辞职。

白宫发言人拉吉夫·沙阿说，白宫演讲稿写手戴维·索罗森(David Sorenson)星期五辞职。

两天前，白宫秘书罗伯·波特(Rob Porter)因两位前妻指称受到过他的虐待而辞职。

华盛顿邮报星期五率先报道了对索罗森的有关指控。他的前妻对邮报说，在他们短暂的婚姻中，索罗森曾对她施暴，并在感情上虐待她。索罗森否认这项指控。

白宫发言人沙阿说，白宫官员针对这些指控质问过索罗森之后，他就辞职了。

美国总统川普称自己对波特的辞职感到非常悲哀。

川普没有提及波特的前妻或者她们提出的波特对她们施加过情感和肢体虐待的指称。

对波特的这些指控的曝光引发外界质疑白宫高级幕僚面对员工据称有不当行为时的态度。人们的关注焦点还放到为什么会允许幕僚在没有通过永久性安全审查的情况下在白宫核心圈工作。

波特只有临时性的安全审查却担任白宫最敏感的工作之一，控制递交给总统的信息内容。他的永久性安全审查因为联调局对其两位前妻指控他家暴的调查而一直没有通过。

2nd White House Aide Resigns after Accusations of Domestic Abuse

The White House confirmed late Friday that a second staff member had resigned over domestic abuse allegations against him.

Spokesman Raj Shah said speechwriter David Sorenson resigned Friday.

Two days earlier, White House Staff Secretary Rob Porter stepped down amid accusations by both his former wives that he had abused them.

Sorensen denied the abuse allegations, which were first reported Friday by The Washington Post. Sorenson's ex-wife had told the Post that he was violent and emotionally abusive during their short marriage.

Shah said Sorenson resigned after White House officials confronted him over the abuse allegations.

President Donald Trump said on Friday that he is very sad at Porter's resignation.

The revelations about Porter have raised fresh questions about the attitude of senior White House staff toward allegations of improper behavior by employees. It has also cast a spotlight on the practice of allowing staff without security clearances to work in and around the Oval Office.

Porter had only an interim clearance while holding one of the most sensitive jobs in the White House, where he controlled the flow of information to the president. A full clearance had been held up while the FBI investigated abuse allegations by his two former wives.

外交成为奥运焦点

韩国平昌冬季奥运会开幕后星期六展开各项比赛，其中包括朝韩女子联合冰球队参与的首场比赛，外交成了人们的聚焦点。

在星期五的开幕式上，来自朝鲜和韩国的运动员在一面蓝白色朝鲜半岛统一旗帜下一起步入奥林匹克运动馆。

韩国总统文在寅星期六会见了朝鲜高级代表团，其中包括朝鲜领导人金正恩的妹妹金与正。

自从韩战停火以来，金与正是长期统治朝鲜的金氏家族中第一位访问韩国的成员。

她与朝鲜名义上的国家元首金永南出席了星期五的冬奥会开幕式，预计他们会在韩国待到星期天。

目前还不清楚金与正是否会亲临现场观看星期六的女子冰球比赛。朝韩联队的对手是瑞士队，而她与兄长金正恩幼年时都曾到瑞士念书。

分治南北的韩国和朝鲜达成协议，联合组队参加冬奥会女子冰球赛。仅仅几个星期前，南北方还处在核战争的边缘。

本届平昌冬季奥运会2月25日结束。

Diplomacy Takes Center Stage at the Olympics

Saturday's games at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, feature the first match of the joint North-South Korean women's ice hockey team, as diplomacy takes center stage at the start of the games.

The 2018 Winter Olympics officially began Friday when a parade of athletes entered the Olympic stadium, including athletes from North and South Korea who marched together behind a blue and white Korean unification flag.

South Korean President Moon Jae-in met Saturday with a delegation from North Korea that included Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

Kim Yo Jong is the first member of the North's longtime ruling family to visit the South since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.

Kim Yo Jong and her entourage, including Kim Yong Nam, North Korea's ceremonial head of state, attended the opening ceremonies Friday and are expected to stay in South Korea through Sunday.

It is not known if Kim Yo Jong will attend the women's hockey game on Saturday, but the team is playing Switzerland, where both she and leader Kim Jong Un went to school when they were children.

The divided Koreas have agreed to compete as a team in women's ice hockey when just a few weeks ago they were flirting with nuclear war.

The winter games run through February 25.