美国务卿本周将与朝鲜重启核谈判

美国国务卿蓬佩奥说，他本周将在纽约与朝鲜领导层二号人物金正哲会晤，恢复朝鲜的无核化谈判。

自美国总统特朗普与朝鲜领导人金正恩今年6月在新加坡举行首次峰会签署一项呼吁朝鲜半岛无核化的一般性声明后，几个月来朝鲜终止其核武计划的进展有所放缓。

但蓬佩奥表示即将开始的会谈“是一个很好的机会”，可以争取讨论出朝鲜结束其核武计划的具体时间和方式。美国目标是是在特朗普总统2021年1月第一个任期期满之前敲定一项协议。

平壤周五表示，如果美国不解除对朝鲜的经济制裁，它将“认真”考虑恢复其核试验，但是蓬佩奥周日接受福克斯新闻采访时，对这一威胁不以为然。

这位美国最高外交官周日表示，“我对此并不担忧，”他说，“我们的重点十分明确。我们清楚我们的谈判对手，清楚我们的谈判立场。特朗普总统十分清晰地阐述了他的立场”。

蓬佩奥说，在我们实现最终目标，也就是终止朝鲜核计划之前，“不会减轻任何经济制裁。”

美国已经表示在实现“最终的、可以充分核实的无核化”之前，将维持对朝鲜的经济制裁。平壤称这些要求为“强盗一般”。

朝鲜外交部在最新声明中表示，“改善关系和实施制裁是不相容的。”

蓬佩奥说，尽管谈判进展缓慢，美朝关系中仍有可喜迹象。

他说：“我们没有再看到导弹试验”，他说，“我们还得到了交还的（韩战）美军遗骸。这些都是良好的进展。”

Pompeo Resuming Nuclear Talks with N. Korea This Week

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says he is resuming denuclearization talks with North Korea this week in New York, meeting with Pyongyang's second in command, Kim Yong Chol.

Progress on ending Pyongyang's nuclear weapons programs has slowed in the months since the Singapore summit in June between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, when the two leaders signed a general statement calling for the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.

But Pompeo called the coming talks "a good opportunity" to move toward specifics of when and how North Korea might end its nuclear weapons program. The United States is seeking to finalize a deal by the end of Trump's first term in office in January 2021.

Pyongyang said Friday it would "seriously" consider resuming its nuclear testing if U.S. economic sanctions against North Korea are not lifted, but Pompeo, in an interview on Fox News Sunday, dismissed the threat.

"I'm not worried about that," the top U.S. diplomat said Sunday. "We are very focused. We know with whom we are negotiating, we know what their positions (are) and President Trump has made his position very clear"

Pompeo said there would be "no economic relief until we have achieved our ultimate objective," the end of North Korea's nuclear program.

The United States has said it would maintain the sanctions against North Korea until it has reached "final, fully verified denuclearization," although Pyongyang has described the demands as "gangster-like."

The North Korean foreign ministry, in its latest statement, said, "The improvement of relations and sanctions are incompatible."

Despite the slow pace of the talks, Pompeo cited favorable signs in the U.S.-North Korean relationship.

"We haven't had any missile tests," he said. "There've been no nuclear tests, We've had the returns of American remains (from the Korean War of the early 1950s). These are all good steps."

习近平承诺开放中国市场

中国国家主席习近平周一在一个大规模交易会的开幕式上表示，中国将采取措施扩大市场准入机会。与此同时，中国受到其他国家对其经济和商业行为的批评。

习近平表示，中国将降低关税，采取更多措施惩治侵犯知识产权的行为，并努力推动国内对进口商品的消费。

在上海举办的中国进口博览会上，习近平承诺随着中国这个世界第二大经济体推动日益增长的消费市场，中国将“拥抱世界”。

他没有提到美国总统特朗普的名字，但是对孤立主义提出批评，并指出捍卫多边贸易的需要，暗指特朗普总统的“美国优先“的政策，

美国和中国陷入了贸易争夺战，特朗普不满美国对中国的贸易逆差，并指责中国窃取知识产权的行为，以及制定美国公司更难进入中国市场的政策。

特朗普宣布提高对2500亿美元中国商品的关税，而中国则对美国产品征收1100亿美元的关税。预计习近平和特朗普将在本月晚些时候举行会议。

欧盟也抱怨中国的贸易政策，包括批评习近平没有履行早先的改革承诺。欧盟上周呼吁习近平提出开放市场的具体步骤。

Xi Pledges to Open Chinese Market

Chinese President Xi Jinping said Monday that China would take steps to widen access to its markets as he opened a huge trade fair amid criticism from other countries about China's economic and business practices.

Xi said China would lower tariffs, take more action to punish violations of intellectual property rights, and work to boost domestic consumption of imported goods.

Speaking at the trade expo in Shanghai, Xi pledged to "embrace the world" as China promotes the growing consumer market in the world's second-largest economy.

He did not mention U.S. President Donald Trump by name, but alluded to Trump's "America first" economic policies by criticizing isolationism and citing a need to defend multilateral trade.

The United States and China are locked in a battle over trade, with Trump complaining about the trade gap between the two countries and accusing China of stealing intellectual property and imposing policies that make it more difficult for U.S. companies to access the Chinese market.

Trump has announced boosted tariffs on $250 billion of Chinese goods, while China has countered with $110 billion in tariffs on U.S. products. Xi and Trump are expected to meet later this month.

The European Union has also complained about China's trade policies, including criticizing Xi for not following through on earlier reform pledges. The EU called last week for Xi to present concrete steps to opening its market.