川普总统星期二将宣布是否退出伊朗核协议

川普总统说，他星期二将宣布是否让美国退出有关伊朗核项目的国际协议并对其重新实施制裁。

伊朗核协议是2015年达成的，协议目的是为了缓解对伊朗的制裁，作为交换，伊朗的核项目受到限制。川普经常批评这项协议是“灾难”。

他说，协议一点也没有制止伊朗测试弹道导弹，并说，按照协议，对伊朗核项目的限制最终肯定会到期。

但是他一直受到两方面的压力，一方包括欧盟在内，希望美国不要退出协议，另一方是指责伊朗说谎和作弊的以色列。

两个星期前，访问白宫的法国总统马克龙说，他知道伊朗核协议并不完美，但是在这个问题上没有“方案B”。

英国外相约翰逊星期一在华盛顿游说川普政府高级官员不要撤出协议。他会晤了国务卿蓬佩奥，随后还将与副总统彭斯和国家安全顾问博尔顿会谈。

Trump to Announce Decision on Iran Nuclear Deal on Tuesday

President Donald Trump says he will announce Tuesday whether he will pull the United States out of the international nuclear deal with Iran and re-impose sanctions.

Trump has frequently complained the 2015 agreement to ease sanctions against Iran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program is a "disaster."

He says it does nothing to stop Iran from testing ballistic missiles and says the deal lets certain nuclear-related provisions eventually expire.

But he has been under pressure from both sides, including European leaders who want the U.S. to stay in, and Israel, which accuses Iran of blatant lying and cheating.

French President Emanuel Macron was at the White House two weeks ago, saying he knows the deal with Iran is not perfect, but said there is no "Plan B."

British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson was in Washington Monday, lobbying top Trump administration officials to stay in the pact. He met with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and will talk later with Vice President Mike Pence and National Security Adviser John Bolton.

普京开始第四次俄罗斯总统任期

俄罗斯总统普京星期一宣誓就职，第四次作为总统继续他18年的统治。普京承诺保持对外政策的连续性，并展开新的努力建设俄罗斯的繁荣。

普京在克里姆林宫镀金的安德列耶夫斯基大厅宣誓就职，他在仪式上讲话说，在他的领导下，俄罗斯“恢复了自豪感”。

他对着大厅里云集的俄罗斯政治文化精英们说，“作为国家元首，我将尽我所能来加倍提升俄罗斯的实力和繁荣。”他说，“我的生活和工作目标将是为祖国和人民服务。”

克里姆林宫官员暗示说，普京今年的就职典礼比2012年的要低调很多。当时做出了莫斯科街头清场以迎接普京车队的决定。批评人士嘲笑说，普京和他的保镖孤零零在首都街头的电视图像似乎只能强调俄罗斯总统已经与公众失去联系。

相反，今年举行就职典礼时，这位俄罗斯领导人在他的办公桌前努力工作，直到得到通知到了宣誓就职的时间。

当普京穿上外套进入现场时，电视观众又看到一个惊喜：他现在乘坐俄罗斯制造的豪华轿车而不是他以往的奔驰车参加正式活动。

Russia's Putin Begins Fourth Term

Russian President Vladimir Putin was sworn in to a fourth term on Monday, extending his 18-year rule amid promises of continuity in foreign policy and renewed efforts toward building prosperity at home.

During his swearing in ceremony at the gilded Andreyevsky Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace, Putin assured Russians that his rule had “revived pride” in the country.

As head of state, I will do all I can to multiply the strength and prosperity of Russia,” Putin told a packed room of Russia’s political and culture elite. “The object of my life and my work will be to serve the people and the fatherland.”

Kremlin officials had hinted that this year’s ceremony would be more modest than his 2012 inauguration — which critics mocked over a decision to clear Moscow’s streets for the arrival of Putin’s motorcade. Televised images of Putin and his bodyguards alone in the streets of the capital seemed only to emphasize the Russian president had lost touch with the public.

Instead, this year’s inauguration found the Russian leader diligently working at his desk when a call came notifying him the time to take the oath of office had come.

As Putin donned his jacket and made his way to the ceremony, television viewers were treated to another surprise: he would now travel to official events in a Russian-built limousine rather than his traditional Mercedes.