乌克兰不顾匈牙利反对 计划出席北约峰会

一名北约高级官员星期二说，匈牙利总理维克托誓言在即将举行的北约峰会上阻止乌克兰加入北约的公函丝毫不影响乌克兰对北约的立场。

乌克兰媒体Europeiska Pravda星期一报道说，匈牙利外交部向北约秘书长斯托尔滕伯格发出公函，称维克托总理在会见了乌克兰和格鲁吉亚的领导人后计划对任何建议北约接纳乌克兰的文件投反对票。

报道说，匈牙利公函发出几天前，乌克兰和匈牙利的部长级官员基本解决了有关乌克兰一项教育法的争议。这项法律不符合欧洲理事会顾问团威尼斯委员会的规定。

匈牙利官员说，如果乌克兰能遵守威尼斯委员会的规定，匈牙利将不再阻止乌克兰加入北约。匈牙利1999年成为北约成员，可以否决新成员加入北约的申请。

北约和匈牙利的官员都没有说为什么匈牙利在乌克兰加入北约的问题上改变了立场，也都没有透露匈牙利公函的细节。

北约官员星期二证实收到了匈牙利的公函，但是请所有人向匈牙利询问有关公函的细节。

Ukraine Will Attend NATO Summit despite Hungarian Objection

A top NATO official on Tuesday said a letter from Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán vowing to block any moves toward Ukraine's accession at an upcoming summit will have no impact on Kyiv's standing with the alliance.

On Monday, Ukrainian news outlet Europeiska Pravda reported that the Hungarian Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a missive to NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg stating, "Orban is planning to vote against any document that will be proposed for adoption by the members of the Alliance after the meeting with the Ukrainian and Georgian leaders."

According to the Pravda report, the letter was sent just days after a Ukrainian-Hungarian ministerial where officials from both countries had largely resolved a dispute over a Ukrainian law on education that stood in violation of the Venice Commission, a legal advisory body to the Council of Europe.

If Ukraine agreed to come into compliance with the law, Hungarian officials said, they would unblock Ukraine's efforts to join NATO. As NATO member since 1999, Hungary's permanent delegation can veto accession efforts by aspiring NATO member countries, such as Ukraine.

Neither NATO nor Hungarian officials have commented on why Budapest suddenly reversed its decision on NATO-Ukrainian ties, nor has either party agreed to divulge the contents of the letter.

NATO officials on Tuesday confirmed possession of the letter, but directed queries about its contents to Budapest.

前马来西亚总理纳吉布对所有腐败指控不认罪

前马来西亚总理纳吉布被正式指控在涉及国家投资基金一马发展有限公司（1MDB）上百亿美元的丑闻中有犯罪行为。

纳吉布星期三在一家初级法庭被指控与违反信托约定有关的三项刑事犯罪和一项腐败罪。纳吉布一天前在家中被马来西亚反腐委员会的人员逮捕。这位64岁的前总理被控从陷入麻烦的一马发展有限公司前子公司SRC国际转走了104亿美元。

每一项控罪都可判最高20年刑期。纳吉布在星期三法庭聆讯上表示对所有指控不认罪。

纳吉布被捕后，他的一段录音在社交媒体上公布。他说，他不是完人，但是对他以及他家人的被指控的罪行都不是事实。纳吉布的发言人称这些指控“出于政治动机”。

Ex-Malaysian PM Najib Charged with Corruption, Pleads Not Guilty

Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has been formally charged in connection with a multi-billion dollar scandal involving sovereign wealth fund 1MDB.

Najib was charged Wednesday in a lower court with three counts of criminal breach of trust and one count of corruption, a day after his arrest at his home by agents with the country's anti-corruption commission. The 64-year-old ex-prime minister is accused of siphoning $10.4 billion from SRC International, a former unit of the troubled 1MDB.

Each of the charges carry a maximum prison sentence of 20 years. Najib pleaded not guilty to the charges during Wednesday's hearing.

In a recorded message posted on social media hours after his arrest, Najib said he was not perfect, but said the charges against him and his family were not all true. His spokesman called the charges "politically motivated."