五角大楼考虑向南部边境派出部队

美国国防部正在考虑向南部边境派遣数百名士兵。之前特朗普总统周四重申将让军方阻止来自中美洲的移民大军进入美国。

一名美国官员告诉美国之音，派遣的部队人数将取决于国土安全部所要求提供的力量。部队将为边防巡逻人员提供支持。目前已有两千多名国民警卫队员部署到该地区。

特朗普总统把南美移民大军的情况列为“国家紧急状态”，他们离最近的美国边境有1600多公里。

特朗普周四早些时候在推特上发文说：“我要为这场全国紧急状态派出军队。他们会被阻拦！”特朗普总统还同意边境巡逻工会官员的意见，就是民主党要为发生这些移民前来美国寻求庇护的事件负责。

特朗普总统还严厉批评洪都拉斯、萨尔瓦多和危地马拉这些国家没有阻止他们的公民前往美国。特朗普周一表示，他将开始切断或减少对这些国家的外援，并于上周威胁将调动军队关闭边境。

Pentagon Considering Sending Military Troops to Southern Border

The Pentagon is considering sending hundreds of troops to the southern border after President Donald Trump reiterated Thursday the military would be used to prevent a caravan of Central American migrants from entering the United States.

A U.S. official tells VOA the number of troops provided will depend on what capabilities are requested from the Department of Homeland Security. The troops would support border patrol agents. More than two thousand National Guard troops have already been deployed to the area.

President Trump has referred to the caravan of migrants, which is more than a 1,600 kilometers from the closest U.S. border, as a "national emergency."

"I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!," Trump wrote in a post on Twitter earlier Thursday. Trump also agreed with a border patrol labor union official that Democrats are to blame for migrants seeking refuge in the U.S.

Trump has blasted Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala for not stopping their citizens from departing for the U.S. He said Monday he would begin cutting off or reducing foreign aid to those countries and threatened last week to use military troops to close the border.

北约展开自冷战以来最大规模军事演习

来自31个北约和伙伴国家的大约5万人星期四展开“三叉戟2018”军事演习，这是自冷战结束以来北约最大规模的演习。

演习在挪威及其周边地区进行，有大约65艘船只、250架飞机和10,000辆车参加。

北约盟军作战司令部指挥官Davor Petek少校在接受美国之音独家采访中表示，这次大型防守性演习发出了一个“非常简单的信息”。

他说，“我们已做好准备，我们有能力应对任何对北约边境的安全威胁，”他说， “没有人会愿意给拥有如此大的潜力和能力的联盟惹麻烦。”

北约表示，这次演习不是侵略行为，演习指挥官称北约邀请俄罗斯作为观察员参加。

美国海军欧洲司令部及那不勒斯盟军联合部队司令部司令、海军上将詹姆斯·福格戈本月早些时候在五角大楼告诉记者说：“我很高兴我们请了观察员，因为他们会看到我们非常擅长我们的工作。这将对任何想跨越这些边界的人，特别是某个国家，产生威慑作用。”

俄罗斯和西方世界仍然对俄罗斯非法吞并乌克兰克里米亚半岛一事存在严重分歧，一些北约国家担心莫斯科可能会试图侵占他们的主权领土。

“三叉戟2018”演习预计将持续到11月7日。

NATO Begins Largest Exercise Since Cold War

About 50,000 NATO personnel from 31 NATO and partner countries are springing to action Thursday at the start of the alliance’s Trident Juncture exercise, its largest drills since the end of the Cold War.

The massive exercise takes place in and around Norway and involves about 65 ships, 250 aircraft and 10,000 vehicles.

NATO’s Command Senior Enlisted Leader for Allied Command Operations, Command Sgt. Maj. Davor Petek, told VOA in an exclusive interview that the large-scaled defensive games send a “very simple message.”

“We are ready, and we are capable to meet any possible security threat coming to our NATO borders,” he said. “Nobody’s willing to mess with an alliance that has so much potential, so much capability.”

NATO said the drills are not an act of aggression, and the exercise’s commander said the alliance has invited Russia to observe.

“I’m happy that we have observers because they’re going to see that we’re very good at what we do. And that will have a deterrent effect on anybody who wants to cross those borders, but one nation in particular,” U.S. Navy Adm. James Foggo, commander of U.S. Naval Forces Europe and NATO’s Allied Joint Force Command Naples, told reporters at the Pentagon earlier this month.

The exercise comes with Russia and the West still bitterly divided over Russia’s illegal annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea peninsula, with some NATO countries worried Moscow may try to encroach on their sovereign land.

Trident Juncture is expected to run through Nov. 7.