雇员抱怨后谷歌公司决定不续延军方合同

谷歌公司说，它明年将不再续延与美国军方签订的帮助分析无人机视频的合同。此前谷歌公司的雇员对与军方的这项合同提出抱怨。

美国媒体报道说，谷歌母公司阿尔法贝特(Alphabet)星期五通知了谷歌雇员这项决定。

谷歌公司的雇员说，公司在明年3月份之前将继续履行合同。这项军方项目使用人工智能增强防卫能力，包括利用人工智能分析无人机在空中拍摄的图像。

数以千计的谷歌公司雇员签署了一份请愿书，要求公司取消这项合同，并且说帮助军方违背了谷歌公司的“不作恶”座右铭。

路透社报道，数百名谷歌公司雇员曾计划7月在旧金山举行公开集会，抗议公司与军方签订的这项合同。

谷歌公司早先曾为参加这个项目提出辩解，说谷歌的工作仅限于军方的非进攻性使命，并说这个项目有助于挽救生命。

谷歌公司说，将很快公布公司有关使用人工智能道德的新指南。

Google to End Military Contract Following Employee Complaints

Google says it will not extend a contract into next year to help the U.S. military analyze drone videos following complaints from company employees.

U.S. media reports said Google’s parent company Alphabet Inc. told Google employees about the decision Friday.

Google employees say the tech giant will continue to work on the Maven Project until the contract ends next March. The military project uses artificial intelligence to increase defense capabilities, including using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to analyze aerial drone imagery.

Thousands of Google employees signed a petition urging the company to cancel the contract, arguing that helping the military would violate Google’s motto of “Don’t be evil.”

Reuters reports that several hundred Google employees had planned to hold a public rally in San Francisco in July to protest the military contract.

Google had earlier defended the company’s involvement in the project saying it was limited to helping the military with non-offensive tasks and said the project would help save lives.

Google says it will soon release new company guidelines related to the ethical uses of AI.

朝鲜峰会前继续网络攻击行动

朝鲜虽然发出信号，表示愿意放弃核武器，但是仍然在大肆使用另一个广为人知的武器：网络攻击。

朝鲜由于开发核武器而受到严厉制裁。多年以来，资金短缺的朝鲜一直利用网络攻击从银行和其它金融机构盗取资金。

美国总统川普说，他与金正恩的峰会将在6月12号举行。但是，一个向受到黑客攻击的美国商业公司和政府部门提供咨询的美国网络安全公司说，朝鲜的黑客行动仍在进行，主要是在亚洲和拉丁美洲。

近年以来，美国官员说，朝鲜和其它一些国家对美国的网络安全构成威胁。

2014年，怀疑为朝鲜黑客的人攻击了索尼影业公司，报复索尼公司出产的一部虚构金正恩受到刺杀的电影。

2017年，朝鲜用“想哭”(WannaCry)勒索软件发动网络攻击，瘫痪了全世界很多公司和政府部门的运作，包括英国的国民医疗服务。

North Korea Continues Cyberattacks Ahead of Nuclear Summit

Even as it signals a willingness to give up its nuclear arms, North Korea is brandishing another well-known weapon in its arsenal: cyber.

Under heavy sanctions over its nuclear weapons program, the cash-starved government in Pyongyang has for many years used cyberattacks to steal money from banks and other institutions.

Those intrusions are continuing, primarily in Asia and Latin America, even as U.S. President Donald Trump says that a planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will proceed later this month, according to a U.S. cybersecurity firm that advises companies and government agencies that have been breached by hackers.

In recent years, U.S. officials have singled out North Korea among countries that pose growing cyber threats to the United States.

In 2014, suspected North Korean hackers launched a massive attack on Sony Pictures in retaliation for releasing a movie that depicted a fictional assassination plot on Kim.

In 2017, North Korea unleashed the ransomware known as WannaCry that disrupted businesses and government services around the world, including England’s National Health Service.