美呼吁中国公开六四伤亡人数

美国敦促中国政府公开1989年军队在天安门广场暴力镇压支持民主的抗议民众的实际伤亡人数。

人权组织相信当年坦克经过天安门广场镇压学生示威活动时数百至数千人丧生。

在六四事件二十九周年之际，美国国务卿蓬佩奥在周一的一份声明中说，美国与国际社会一道，要求中国政府“全面公开死亡，入狱和失踪的人数”。

蓬佩奥还引用已故中国著名异议人士、诺贝尔和平奖得主刘晓波在2010年颁奖典礼上的缺席讲话中的一句话，“六四冤魂还未瞑目”。刘晓波去年在被中国政府关押期间病逝。

中国周一晚些时候对蓬佩奥的讲话表示愤怒。外交部发言人华春莹对记者称中方已经向美方提出严正抗议。

中国政府一直否认发生流血镇压，并在大陆禁止一切纪念六四的活动。周一晚间在香港维多利亚公园举行的烛光守夜是中国境内唯一未被禁止的悼念活动。

United States calling on China to disclose casualties of June 4th crackdown

The United States is calling on China to disclose the full number of casualties during the military's bloody 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protestors in Beijing's Tiananmen Square.

Human rights groups believe several hundred to several thousand people were killed when tanks rolled through Tiananmen Square to squelch the student-led demonstrations.

In a statement released Monday on the 29th anniversary of the massacre, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the United States joined the international community in urging the Chinese government "to make a full public accounting of those killed, detained or missing."

"The ghosts of June 4th have not yet been laid to rest," Pompeo said, quoting a line from the late dissident Liu Xiaobo's 2010 Nobel Peace Prize speech delivered in absentia. Liu died last year while still in custody.

China responded angrily to Pompeo's statement later Monday. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters that it had lodged a formal protest with the United States.

Beijing forbids any form of public or private observance of the Tiananmen Square massacre on the mainland, and refuses to acknowledge the incident ever took place. An annual public observance, the only one of its kind on Chinese soil, will be held Monday in Hong Kong's Victoria Park.

普京邀请金正恩访俄

俄罗斯总统普京邀请朝鲜领导人金正恩前往俄罗斯参加即将举行的全球论坛。

俄外交部发言人佩斯科夫星期一在莫斯科对记者表示，普京是在外交部长拉夫罗夫上周访问平壤期间向金正恩转达的信中发出的邀请。

佩斯科夫说，普京邀请金正恩出席9月在海参崴举行的远东经济论坛。

Russia Invites North Korean Leader for Visit

Russian President Vladimir Putin has invited North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to Russia to attend an upcoming global forum.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters Monday in Moscow that President Putin issued the invitation to Kim in a letter delivered by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov during Lavrov's trip to Pyongyang last week.

Peskov says Putin suggested Kim attend the Far Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September.