前纽约市长被任命为联合国气候行动特使

联合国秘书长古特雷斯任命前纽约市市长迈克尔·布隆伯格担任他的气候行动特使。

前政治人物、亿万富翁布隆伯格将负责支持下一年的联合国气候峰会，审核2015年巴黎气候协议提出的减排目标的执行成果。

布隆伯格说：“每隔一段时间，我们的政府和我们国家中的一些人就会说一些好像这事跟他们无关一样的话。但我认为长期来看，美国已经展现了对联合国的支持。美国支持联合国赞同和推动的程序。”

布隆伯格说，他希望川普总统收回退出巴黎气候协定的决定。超过200个国家和地区签署了这项具有里程碑意义的协议。

Bloomberg appointed as UN envoy for climate action

U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has appointed former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg as his special envoy for climate action.

The former politician and billionaire businessman will be responsible for supporting a U.N. Climate Summit next year to review the success of the 2015 Paris climate accord aimed at curbing the production of greenhouse gases.

Bloomberg said: "Every once in a while our government or others in the country sounds like they're not on the agenda. But I think long term America has shown that it supports the United Nations. It supports the process that the U.N. is in favor of and championing."

Bloomberg said he hopes President Trump will reverse his decision to pull the United States out of the landmark treaty signed by more than 200 nations and entities.

政府报告称总统顾问康威受访时两度违反联邦法

白宫拒绝接受一份政府报告。这份报告得出结论认为，川普总统的高级顾问凯莉安·康威去年在接受两次电视采访时违反了联邦法律。

独立机构美国特别检察官办公室说，康威去年11月在接受福克斯新闻采访时呼吁在阿拉巴马州特别选举中击败某位参议员候选人并“暗示支持”另一位候选人。去年12月，她在接受有线电视新闻网采访时，呼吁击败一位候选人并把选票投给另一位候选人。

美国独立检察官办公室说，康威在这两次采访中都违反了《哈奇法》。这部法律禁止多数联邦政府雇员利用职权影响选举。该机构将报告递交给总统，让他给予康威“适当的纪律处分”。

白宫发表声明说：“凯莉安·康威没有主张支持或反对选举中的任何一位特定候选人。她只是表达了总统的明显立场，那就是他在众议院和参议院中有支持自己议程的人。”

在两次采访中，康威讨论的是民主党候选人道格·琼斯和共和党候选人罗伊·莫尔争夺代表阿拉巴马州的联邦参议员席位的选战。这个席位是杰夫·塞申斯出任川普的司法部长后空出来的。

美国特别检察官办公室说，他们给了康威机会回应相关结论，但她拒绝回应。

美国特别检察官办公室与目前正在调查俄罗斯干预2016年选举的特别检察官罗伯特·穆勒没有关系。

Report: Top Trump Advisor Kellyanne Conway Twice Violated Federal Law in TV Interviews

The White House has rejected a government report that concluded a top presidential advisor, Kellyanne Conway, violated federal law when she conducted two televised interviews last year.

The U.S. Office of Special Counsel said in report Tuesday Conway advocated during a November interview with Fox News for the defeat of a senate candidate in an Alabama special election and gave an "implied endorsement" for another candidate. In a December interview on CNN, she advocated for the defeat of a candidate and the election of another.

The office said both were violations of the Hatch Act, which prohibits most federal government employees from using their official authority to influence elections. The office submitted the report to the president for him to take "appropriate disciplinary action."

“Kellyanne Conway did not advocate for or against the election of any particular candidate. She simply expressed the president’s obvious position that he have people in the House and Senate who support his agenda," the White House said in a statement.

In both interviews, Conway was discussing the senate race between Democratic candidate Doug Jones and Republican Roy Moore, who were vying to replace Jeff Sessions when he became Trump's attorney general.

The office said it gave Conway an opportunity to respond to its findings, but she declined to do so.

The Office of Special Counsel is not associated with Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.