亚马逊成为美国第二大市值过万亿企业

亚马逊成为第二家在美国股票市场价值达1万亿美元的大型企业，这是美国科技巨头日益增长影响力的最新例证。

这家在线零售巨头在快到格林尼治标准时间下午3点40分时突破了1万亿美元的市值，当时亚马逊的股价达到2,050.50美元。 一个月前，苹果公司的市值率先达到万亿美元。

亚马逊的股价在创出历史新高后略有回落，但仍（比前一天收盘价）上涨1.3%至2,038.71美元。

Amazon became the second big US company to hit $1 trillion in stock market value in the latest demonstration of the rising clout of American technology heavyweights.

The online retail giant breached the $1 trillion valuation near 1540 GMT when it's share price hit $2,050.50. The Amazon landmark comes about a month after Apple hit the $1 trillion level.

Amazon retreated slightly after hitting the milestone, and near 1545, it was up 1.3 percent to $2,038.71.

美国最高法院大法官人选卡瓦诺参加参议院确认听证

美国总统特朗普提名的最高法院大法官布雷特·卡瓦诺星期二开始接受美国参议院司法委员会的确认听证。特朗普总统希望，这次确认听证的结果将确保美国最高法院的保守派占多数。

卡瓦诺星期三将直接接受司法委员会成员尖锐问询，包括他在堕胎、同性恋权益以及总统权力等问题上的立场。

据白宫发布的卡瓦诺开场陈述节选内容，他保证要成为一个客观、维护法律的法官。

白宫希望，参议院能在9月全票通过对现年53岁的卡瓦诺的提名确认，以便在10月1日最高法院新工作期开始之前，及时填补大法官安东尼·肯尼迪退休留下的空缺。

不过，民主党议员从一开始就誓言反对这一提名，他们担心卡瓦诺的这一终身任职会让非常保守的法院延续一代人。

US Judge Brett Kavanaugh Facing Supreme Court Confirmation Hearing

U.S. Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh goes before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday as it begins confirmation hearings that President Donald Trump hopes will lead to a solid conservative majority on the nation's highest court.

On Wednesday, Kavanaugh is due to face direct questioning on a range of issues, including his stance on abortion, gay rights and presidential power.

In advance text of his opening remarks released by the White House, Kavanaugh says, " A good judge must be an umpire—a neutral and impartial arbiter who favors no litigant or policy."

The White House is hoping the full Senate will confirm the 53-year-old Kavanaugh to the nine-member court in September, in time for him to fill the vacancy left by the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy when the court opens a new term on October 1.

However, Democrats have vowed to fight Kavanaugh’s nomination from the start, fearing his lifetime appointment could ensure a strongly conservative court for a generation.