希腊和马其顿解决长期名称争端

希腊和马其顿星期二达成历史性协议，结束了两国长期以来在“马其顿”名称上的争端。前南斯拉夫共和国马其顿的名称与希腊北部一个古老地区的名称一样。

根据两国总理达成的协议，前南斯拉夫共和国的正式名称将为“北马其顿共和国”。

希腊总理齐普拉斯说，这项协议从此消除了任何原马其顿共和国可能对希腊领土的主权声索。希腊将不再阻止北马其顿加入北约和欧盟。

欧盟委员会塔斯克向希腊和马其顿两国表示祝贺，在推特上发文说：“谢谢你们将不可能变为可能。”

北约秘书长斯托尔滕伯格说，这项协议以及北马其顿可能获得的北约成员资格将有助于巩固西巴尔干地区的和平与稳定。

美国国务院发言人诺尔特说，这项协议将加强地区安全和繁荣，美国对两国总理的“远见、勇气和执着”表示祝贺。

Greece, Macedonia Settle Long-Simmering Name Feud

Greece and Macedonia reached a historic settlement Tuesday to their long-simmering dispute over the name Macedonia — shared by the former Yugoslav republic and an ancient region of northern Greece.

Under the deal between the two prime ministers, the country will now be called The Republic of North Macedonia.

Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said the deal ends any claim he believes Macedonia may have had on Greek territory.

Greece will also stop blocking Macedonia's efforts to join NATO and the European Union.

European Council President Donald Tusk congratulated both sides. “Thanks to you, the impossible is becoming possible,” he tweeted.

NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the deal and Macedonia’s possible membership “will help to consolidate peace and stability across the wider Western Balkans.”

State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the deal will bolster regional security and prosperity and that the United States congratulates both prime ministers for their "vision, courage and persistence."

国际监督组织：叙利亚有人使用了化武

一个全球化学武器监督组织星期三（2018年6月14日）称，该组织证实沙林和氯气“很可能”去年在叙利亚北部被人用来发动攻击。

禁止化学武器组织新发表一份报告称，2017年3月24日在叙利亚一个北部城镇艾拉塔明以南发生的攻击中有人可能使用了沙林，第二天在这座城市的医院及周边地区，有人可能用氯气作为武器发动了袭击。

禁止化学武器组织说，这项调查结果基于目击者的证词和样本分析。

该组织在2014年建立了一个调查小组，以回应有关叙利亚发生了化学武器攻击的诸多指责，并以“针对指责寻求事实”作为小组的工作责任。小组没有权责确认是谁发动了这些化武攻击。

UN Chemical Weapons Watchdog Says Chemical Weapons 'Likely Used' in Attacks in Syria

A global chemical weapons watchdog said Wednesday it has confirmed the banned nerve agent sarin and chlorine were "very likely" used in an attack in northern Syria last year.

The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said in a new report that sarin was probably used south of the city of Ltamenah on March 24, 2017. The watchdog also concluded that chlorine was likely used as a weapon the next day at Ltamenah Hospital and in the surrounding area.

The organization said its conclusions were based on witness testimony and sample analyses.

The OPCW's fact-finding team was created in 2014 in response to numerous allegations of chemical attacks in Syria with a mandate to "establish facts surrounding the allegations." The team was not mandated to assign blame for the chemical attacks.