川普与特鲁多通电话 敦促尽快完成自贸谈判

美国总统川普星期一和加拿大总理特鲁多通电话时呼吁尽快结束修改北美自由贸易协议的谈判。

白宫说，川普总统强调了尽快达成协议的重要性。特鲁多总理的办公室说，两位领导人讨论了尽快结束谈判的可能性。

新一轮贸易谈判受到尽快取得成果的更大压力。美国众议院议长瑞安本星期说，如果要想让美国国会今年批准，他必须在5月17号之前收到已达成新协议的通知。

加拿大、美国和墨西哥正在进行川普行政当局促成的谈判，修订实施了24年的自由贸易协议。川普总统长期以来一直批评这项贸易协议，并指责它造成美国损失数百万份工作，伤害了美国经济。

川普总统多次威胁说，如果不能达成令人满意的新协议，就将退出现行协议。

美国商务部长罗斯星期一说，三国一直在讨论相互有争议的问题，但是看来没有任何问题得到解决。并未直接参与谈判的罗斯部长星期一在华盛顿对记者说，仍在对重大的问题进行讨论。

上星期的北美自由贸易协议谈判在华盛顿结束，在如何重新谈判达成协议的问题上没有取得任何进展。这次谈判第一次有美加墨三国最高贸易官员参加，他们分别是美国贸易代表莱特希泽、加拿大外交部长长克里斯蒂娅·弗里兰和墨西哥经济部长伊尔德方索·瓜哈尔多。

Trump Urges Quick NAFTA Resolution in Talks with Trudeau

U.S. President Donald Trump urged for a quick conclusion to a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement during a phone call Monday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.

The White House said Trump "underscored the importance" of quickly reaching a deal, while Trudeau’s office said the two spoke of the "possibility of bringing the negotiations to a prompt conclusion."

The talks have come under increased pressure to quickly produce a deal after U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said this week he would need to be notified of a new agreement by May 17 to give the current Congress a chance to pass it this year.

Canada, the United States and Mexico are renegotiating their 24-year-old free trade pact in a process triggered by the Trump administration. Trump has been highly critical of the 1994 deal, blaming it for the loss of millions of manufacturing jobs that hurt the U.S. economy.

He has repeatedly threatened to leave the pact if a satisfactory updated agreement is not reached.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday that none of the contentious issues the three countries have been discussing appear to have been resolved. Ross, who is not directly involved in the NAFTA talks, told reporters in Washington Monday that the big issues are still a "work in progress."

Last week, the latest round of NAFTA talks ended in Washington without any major breakthroughs on how to renegotiate the deal. Those talks were the first to involve all three of the top officials in the negotiations — U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland and Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo.

抗议者50年后重启马丁路德金反贫穷的斗争

美国成千上万贫困、低收入的工人、活动人士和宗教团体领袖重新启动了“穷人运动”。民权领袖马丁路德金50年前发起了这个非暴力抵制运动。

2018年“穷人运动”的内容包括在30多个州府和首都华盛顿举行40天的抗议活动，目标是继续50年前开始的努力，再次对贫困、战争、以及收入不平等开战。

马丁路德金1968年在密西西比州的马尔克斯目睹了饥饿后，创建了一个多文化、多宗教的联盟。他计划一支由穷人组成的游行队伍一直行进到华盛顿，要求更好的生活条件和更高的工资。

1968年5月13号，100多人乘坐骡子拉的大篷车出发。当时拍摄的黑白照片显示大篷车上写有标语，包括“让穷人有饭吃”，“不公正就是在上帝面前犯罪”，以及“把人送上月球和在地球上让他吃饱饭，哪个更好”？

新“穷人运动”组织者说，马丁路德金的理想仍未实现。

新“穷人运动”提出了一系列要求，包括修改联邦和州的最低工资标准，使其与21世纪的经济相符；再次开始向公共住房投资；废除2017年共和党主导的税法改革；停止美国正在进行的军国化；把军费转投到教育、医疗保健和绿色基础设施；以及杜绝系统的种族主义。

根据美国人口普查，有4100万美国人生活在贫困中。活动人士说，实际数字很可能更高。根据美国联邦政府2018年的标准，一个四口之家年收入的贫困线是2万5001美元。

After 50 Years, Protesters Revive King's Fight Against Poverty

Thousands of poor, low-wage workers, activists and religious leaders across the United States have kicked off a revival of the Poor People's Campaign, a civil disobedience movement founded 50 years ago by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.

The 2018 campaign will involve 40 days of protests and action at more than 30 state capitals and Washington, D.C., aimed at relaunching a fight against poverty, war and income inequality that first took root half a century ago.

In 1968, King created a multicultural, multifaith coalition after witnessing hunger in the rural town of Marks, Mississippi. He envisioned a march of the poor, descending on the nation's capital to demand better living conditions and higher wages.

On May 13, 1968, more than 100 people departed Marks in covered wagons pulled by mules. Black-and-white photos show covered wagons with slogans painted on their canvas tops: "Feed the Poor,'' "Injustice is a Sin in the Sight of God'' and "Which is Better? Send Man to Moon or Feed Him on Earth.''

Organizers of the new Poor People's Campaign say King's vision has yet to be realized.

They are calling for a list of demands, including changes to federal and state living wage laws that are "commensurate for the 21st century economy," a reinvestment in public housing, a repeal to the 2017 GOP-led tax plan, an end to America's militarism, reallocation of "resources from the military budget to education, health care, jobs and green infrastructure needs," and eradicating systemic racism.

According to the U.S. Census, there are nearly 41 million people living in poverty, although activists say the actual number is likely much higher. The federal poverty level in 2018 is considered $25,001 annually for a family of four.