昂山素季铁杆支持者当选为缅甸新总统

缅甸议会星期三选举昂山素季的铁杆支持者温敏为缅甸的新总统。昂山素季仍然掌握着政府行政权力。

缅甸前总统廷觉上星期由于健康原因辞职。温敏在缅甸上下两院总共得到403张票，比军方提名的候选人敏瑞得票数（211票）几乎高出一倍。副总统亨利·班提育获得第三多的票数，但是远远少于前两位候选人。

昂山素季掌管的政府在实施和平计划以及国民和解的努力中举步艰难。

缅甸军队仍在镇压少数民族的反政府力量。缅甸由于对罗兴亚穆斯林人口的残酷镇压而受到国际社会的猛烈批评。

Loyalist of Aung San Suu Kyi elected new president

Myanmar's parliament Wednesday elected Win Myint, a loyalist of Aung San Suu Kyi, as new president, while she retained her executive authority over the government.

Myint replaces Htin Kyaw who retired last week for health reasons.

Myint received 403 votes of the combined houses, nearly doubling the total (211) for Myint Swe, the military's nominee, and Vice President Henry Van Tio, who came in a distant third.

The vote comes as Suu Kyi's civilian government has struggled to implement peace and national reconciliation.

The military is still combating ethnic rebels and the country has come under heavy international criticism for its brutal counterinsurgency campaign against the Muslim Rohingya minority.

美国华盛顿州男子因发送可疑邮包被逮捕

一名43岁的男子在美国西部的华盛顿州被逮捕。他被指向首都华盛顿的军队和情报设施寄送了若干可疑邮包。

美国联邦调查局说，这位名叫潘申成（Thanh Cong Phan，音译）的华盛顿州埃弗雷特（Everett）居民在他的家中被捕。

潘申成的作案动机还没有查明，但是联调局说，与恐怖主义无关。

至少六七个邮包被寄送到首都华盛顿地区的几个军事基地和中央情报局。

法庭记录显示，潘申成曾经对他自己的精神状况感到担心，青少年时期也曾几次因触犯法律而被执法部门记录在案。

Washington man under arrest for sending suspicious packages

A 43 year old man from the western U.S. state of Washington is under arrest for allegedly sending several suspicious packages to U.S. military and intelligence installations in the Washington, D.C. area.

The FBI said Thanh Cong Phan was arrested at his house in Everett, Washington.

Phan's motive has not been determined, but the FBI said there was no connection to terrorism.

More than a half dozen packages were shipped to several military bases in the Washington area and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

Court records show that Phan, who has raised concerns over his mental health in the past, has had a couple of run-ins with law enforcement dating back to his teen years.