墨西哥湾“死亡区”今年面积不到预测一半

美国科学家认定，墨西哥湾里由于含氧过低导致鱼和海洋生物死亡的所谓“死亡区”今年是1985年开始测量记录以来第四小的面积。

为美国国家海洋与大气管理局工作的科学家在星期二发布的一份报告中说，这片死亡区的面积只有今年早些时候预计的40%。对死亡区面积的预测基于密西西比河流入墨西哥湾水中的氮和其它营养素含量。

位于路易斯安那州沿海的死亡区今年的面积为7040平方公里，小于美国国家海洋与大气管理局早先预测的1万5千平方公里。

每年春季融化的雪水以及雨水流入时，墨西哥湾水中的氧气含量开始减少。流入的淡水比海水轻，水自然分成两层。淡水中的氮和其它营养素促使水藻和微生物在上层快速生长。

微生物死亡后沉到水底，其腐烂过程由下至上地消耗氧气，形成死亡区。

Gulf of Mexico 'Dead Zone' Smaller than Usual

U.S. scientists have determined that the Gulf of Mexico's annual "dead zone" — an area with low oxygen that can kill fish and marine life — is the fourth smallest since they started mapping the area in 1985.

Scientists supported by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said in a report Tuesday that the area is only about 40 percent the average size predicted earlier this year based on nitrogen and other nutrients flowing down the Mississippi river.

This year's dead zone off Louisiana is about 7,040 square kilometers, rather than the 15,000 square kilometers predicted by the NOAA.

Every year the oxygen depletion begins as snow melt and spring rains bring fresh water to the gulf. Fresh water is lighter than salt water causing two layers to develop. Nitrogen and other nutrients in the fresh water feed a growth spurt of algae and microorganisms at the top.

The microorganisms die and fall to the bottom, where their decay consumes oxygen from the bottom up, creating the dead zone.

津巴布韦执政党赢得议会多数席位

根据津巴布韦星期三公布的部分投票结果，执政的非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线在选举中赢得议会多数。

津巴布韦选举委员会公布的数字显示，非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线赢得了议会210个席位中的109席。主要反对党“争取民主变革运动”赢得了41个议席。赢得议会其余席位的结果还没有宣布。

非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线如果再赢30个席位，就将占议会的三分之二，从而可以不需要其他政党议员的支持就能通过修改宪法的议案。

总统选举的票数仍在清点，预计本星期晚些时候宣布结果。

总统选举主要候选人包括作为非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线候选人的姆南加古瓦总统和反对党“争取民主变革运动”的领导人查米萨。

穆加贝总统去年11月辞职后姆南加古瓦接任总统。

Zimbabwe's Ruling Party Wins Majority in Parliament

Zimbabwe's ruling ZANU-PF party has won a majority in parliament, according to partial results released Wednesday.

The figures from the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission showed ZANU-PF with 109 seats in the 210-seat parliament. The main opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) had 41 seats.The remaining winners were still to be declared.

If ZANU-PF wins at least 30 of the outstanding seats it would have a two-thirds majority that would allow it to make constitutional changes without the votes of other members of parliament.

Ballots are still being counted in the presidential election with results expected to be announced later this week.

The main candidates in that race are ZANU-PF's candidate, President Emmerson Mnangagwa, who took over after longtime leader Robert Mugabe's resignation in November, and opposition leader Nelson Chamisa of MDC.