川普提议在朝鲜半岛非军事区会晤金正恩

美国总统川普周一提议，与朝鲜领导人金正恩的会晤在韩朝之间的非军事区举行。

川普在推特上说，“这次会晤的地点考虑了许多国家，但在南北朝鲜边境的和平之家是不是比第三方国家更有代表性、更重要也更持久的地点？问问而已！”

川普总统周六与韩国总统文在寅和日本首相安倍晋三进行了交流，之后在周末对暂定于五月或六月初与金正恩的会晤表示乐观。

川普发推说，他与文在寅总统进行了“非常好的对话”，并告知安倍首相他与金正恩峰会的计划进展。

美国领导层对朝鲜半岛有史以来最有望结束几十年来的敌对局势感到越来越乐观。

周五，金正恩越过南北边境，与韩国总统文在寅握手，成为首位进入韩国的朝鲜领导人。

两位领导人同意在消除朝鲜半岛所有核武器方面进行合作，并承诺进行能正式结束朝鲜战争的对话。

朝鲜过去曾对其核项目做过类似承诺，但没有信守诺言。当被问到平壤这次的承诺是否是真的，川普说，“我们不会被耍了的。”

韩国官员周日说，金正恩计划五月邀请首尔和美国的专家和记者到平壤见证朝鲜关闭核试验场。

Trump Suggests DMZ As Location for Meeting with Kim

U.S. President Donald Trump suggested Monday that a planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un be held in the Demilitarized zone between the North and South Korea.

"Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North & South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!" the president wrote on Twitter.

Trump expressed optimism this weekend about the planned meeting with Kim, tentatively scheduled for May or early June, following conversations Saturday with Moon and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.

Trump tweeted he had a "very good talk" with Moon and updated Abe on plans for his anticipated summit with Kim.

Key U.S. leaders have expressed growing optimism that decades of hostility on the Korean Peninsula are closer than ever to coming to an end.

Friday, Kim became the first North Korean leader to set foot in South Korea, when he crossed the border to shake the hand of South Korean President Moon Jae-in.

The two leaders agreed to work toward removing all nuclear weapons from the Korean peninsula and vowed to pursue talks that would bring a formal end to the Korean War.

North Korea has in the past made similar commitments about its nuclear program, but failed to follow through. Asked whether Pyongyang's commitment is real this time, Trump said, "We're not going to get played."

On Sunday, South Korean officials said Kim Jong Un plans to invite experts and journalists from Seoul and the United States to observe when Pyongyang shuts down its nuclear test site in May.

中国外交部长王毅即将访问朝鲜

中国外交部长王毅即将访问朝鲜。此前，朝鲜领导人金正恩与韩国总统文在寅星期五（4月27日）举行了历史性峰会。

中国星期一发表的一份声明说，应朝鲜外长的邀请，王毅将在5月2日至3日访问朝鲜。这份简要声明没有提到有关这次访问的任何细节。

星期天，韩国官员们说，金正恩计划邀请来自韩国和美国的专家与新闻记者参观朝鲜5月关闭核试验场的有关程序。

韩国总统府发言人尹永灿引用金正恩的话说：“美国虽然对朝鲜存在固有的敌意，但是一旦会谈开始，它会认识到我不是会使用核武器攻击韩国或飞跃太平洋攻击美国的那种人。”

美国国务卿蓬佩奥星期天在美国广播公司新闻节目中说，川普总统计划三、四周后跟金正恩会谈可能取得的最好成果是平壤释放三名美国人，并答应不可逆转以及能经核实地结束它的核武器项目。

蓬佩奥说，美国将密切注视金正恩的具体行动。

Chinese Foreign Minister to Visit North Korea

Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi will travel to neighboring North Korea this week, following a historic summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in.

China said Wang will visit May 2 and 3 at the invitation of his North Korea counterpart. The brief statement Monday did not include any details about the subject of their meetings.

On Sunday, South Korean officials said Kim plans to invite experts and journalists from Seoul and the United States to observe when North Korea shuts down its nuclear test site in May.

South Korean presidential press secretary Yoon Young-chan, also quoted Kim as saying, "The United States, though inherently hostile to North Korea, will get to know once our talk begins that I am not the kind of person who will use nuclear weapons against the South or the United States across the Pacific."

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told ABC News the best possible outcome for President Donald Trump's planned summit with Kim in three to four weeks would be Pyongyang freeing three Americans it is detaining and agreeing to an "irreversible" and "verifiable" end to its nuclear weapons program.

"We're going to look for actions and deeds," said Pompeo.