美国阅兵至少推迟到2019年

美国国防部表示，川普总统所要求的阅兵式至少推迟到明年才举办。

五角大楼发言人陆军上校曼宁在周四表示：“我们最初定于2018年11月10日阅兵，但现在已经同意探索在2019年阅兵的机会。”

最近有媒体报道称，阅兵的费用估算从大约1200万美元增加到9200万美元。

美国国防部长吉姆·马蒂斯星期四在一架美国军用飞机上对记者说，他已经为这次检阅军队提供了初步指导，但他还没有看到任何成本估算。

根据五角大楼3月发布的一份备忘录，接受检阅的军人将从白宫走到美国国会大厦。

这个备忘录说，阅兵式的重点是美国独立战争以来美国军人做出的贡献。参加阅兵的有带轮子的军用车辆，但是没有坦克。参加阅兵的一些军队将穿着不同历史时期的军装，阅兵结束时飞过天空的飞机也将根据资源情况包括一些老式飞机。

美国总统川普和夫人梅拉妮亚去年7月14日作为法国总统马克龙和夫人布丽吉特的嘉宾观看了法国国庆日活动。川普随后提出了阅兵的想法。

美国很少举行阅兵式。1991年在华盛顿举行过，为的是庆祝在海湾战争中把萨达姆的伊拉克军队赶出科威特。

Trump Won't Get His Military Parade until at least 2019

The U.S. Defense Department says a military parade that President Donald Trump has called for is being postponed until at least next year.

“We originally targeted November 10, 2018 for this event but have now agreed to explore opportunities in 2019,” Pentagon spokesman Army Col. Robert Manning said Thursday.

The announcement comes as media reports said the cost estimate for the parade had gone from about $12 million to $92 million.

Speaking to reporters aboard a U.S. military aircraft Thursday, U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said that he had given initial guidance for the parade, but he had not seen any cost estimates yet.

According to a Pentagon memo released in March, the postponed parade is expected to go from the White House to the U.S. Capitol.

The memo said the focus of the parade will be on the "contributions of U.S. military veterans throughout history," starting from the American Revolutionary War.

The parade will include wheeled vehicles but no tanks. Some troops will wear period uniforms, and the airplanes used at the end of the parade will also include "older aircraft, as available."

The inspiration to hold a military parade came from the president's trip to France last year when he and first lady Melania Trump watched Bastille Day events in Paris on July 14, as the guests of French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte.

Military parades in the United States are generally rare. In 1991, U.S. troops paraded through Washington to celebrate the ousting of Saddam Hussein's Iraqi forces from Kuwait in the Gulf War.

美国起诉22名向美国走私假货的中国人

纽约的一个联邦法院起诉22名中国人，罪名是从中国往美国走私将近5亿美元的假货。

这些假货包括路易威登手袋、迈克高仕钱包和香奈儿香水等奢侈品。

这些被告当中的21人在星期四被捕。

美国联邦检察官说，据称这些嫌疑人用集装箱把伪装成合法产品的中国造假货走私进纽约和新泽西的港口。

看来这些嫌疑人打算在美国各地出售这些假货。这些假货的售价将近5亿美元。

除了走私和贩卖假货之外，这些嫌疑人的罪名还有洗钱和移民欺诈。

美国助理司法部长布里安·本茨考斯基说：“走私假货对正当生意构成严重威胁。司法部致力于把寻求走私假货到黑市销售的人绳之以法。”

US Charges 22 Chinese Importers with Smuggling Counterfeit Goods into US

A federal court in New York has charged 22 Chinese importers with smuggling nearly half-a-billion dollars in counterfeit goods into the United States from China.

The fake products include such popular luxury items as Louis Vuitton bags, Michael Kors wallets, and Chanel perfume.

Twenty-one of the defendants were arrested Thursday.

U.S. attorneys say the suspects allegedly smuggled the China-made counterfeit goods in large shipping containers disguised as legitimate products and brought them into ports in New York and New Jersey.

The defendants apparently intended to sell the fake products across the United States with a street value of nearly $500 million.

Along with smuggling and trafficking in counterfeit goods, the suspects are also charged with money laundering and immigration fraud.

"The illegal smuggling of counterfeit goods poses a real threat to honest business," Assistant Attorney General Brian Benczkowski said. "The Department of Justice is committed to holding accountable those who seek to exploit our borders by smuggling counterfeit goods for sale on the black market."