加拿大决议称伊朗革命卫队“恐怖分子”

伊朗外交部长扎里夫对加拿大议会将伊朗革命卫队描述为“恐怖分子”表示遗憾。

加拿大众议院星期二通过的决议还要求加拿大政府“停止”有关与伊朗恢复外交关系的“谈判或讨论”。

这项决议预计将在内阁讨论。目前不清楚加拿大议会是否会采取进一步行动，根据加拿大法律正式将伊朗革命卫队定为恐怖组织。

加拿大以及美国和英国已经对伊朗革命卫队实施经济制裁，但是目前尚未将这个机构定为恐怖组织。伊朗革命卫队的分支“圣城旅”已经被定为恐怖组织。

伊朗迅速对加拿大议会的行动做出反应，呼吁加拿大重新考虑。在南非进行3天访问最后一天的伊朗外长扎里夫说，这个行动不符合加拿大自身利益。

Canada Moves to Label Iran's Revolutionary Guard as ‘Terrorists'

Iran Foreign Affairs Minister Mohammed Javad Zarif says an effort in Canada's Parliament to brand Iran's Islamist Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) "terrorists" is regrettable.

The resolution, passed by the House of Commons on Tuesday, also called on the Canadian government to “cease ... negotiations or discussions” to restore diplomatic relations with Iran.

The resolution is expected to be discussed at the cabinet level, and it is not yet clear if legislators will take further steps to legally designate the Iranian organization as terrorists under Canadian law.

The IRGC is already under economic sanctions by Canada, as well as the U.S. and U.K. It is not yet listed as a terrorist entity, although the IRGC’s Quds force has already been listed.

Tehran reacted quickly to the news, urging Ottawa to reconsider the case. Speaking to reporters at the end of a three-day visit to South Africa, Zarif said the move is against the interests of Canada.

新西兰将向国际游客征税

前往新西兰的大多国际游客将要先交税才能入境。

新西兰政府星期五宣布，从2019年开始，到新西兰的观光客先要支付一笔从23美元到33美元的旅游税。

新西兰政府估计这项税收将每年带来5500万美元的收入，汇率的变化会带来一些上下浮动。

这笔钱将用来建设旅游基础设施和开展保护项目。

在赴新西兰外国游客中排名第一的邻国澳大利亚和太平洋岛国论坛的大部分成员的公民免予缴纳这笔税。

新西兰还将大幅增加其它有关移民手续的费用和征税。

New Zealand to Tax Tourists

Most international visitors to New Zealand will have to pay a little more to see Middle Earth.

Starting next year, tourists will pay between $23 and $33 to enter the country, the government announced Friday.

The government estimates the tax will bring in as much as $55 million a year, depending on the exchange rate.

The money will be used for tourism infrastructure and conservation.

Neighboring Australia, New Zealand's top source of visitors, and people from most Pacific Island Forum countries would be exempt from the tax.

The proposal also includes big hikes to other immigration fees and taxes.