科索沃总统提议与邻国塞尔维亚“调整”边界

科索沃总统塔奇星期四重申了与邻国塞尔维亚“调整”边界的想法。广泛认为这个想法有关置换领土，是稳定这两个都希望加入欧盟的国家之间关系的努力。

科索沃和塞尔维亚的边界问题长期以来阻碍这两个国家加入欧盟。一些塞尔维亚政府官员提出阿尔巴尼亚族占多数、塞尔维亚族占少数的科索沃应该按照民族一分为二。塔奇总统“调整”边界的想法是对这种建议的回应。

塔奇总统坚决拒绝了把国家一分为二的说法，表示绝不接受。他随后提出与他的北部邻国“修定”或“调整”边界的建议。

塔奇表示，愿意在国际社会的帮助下与塞尔维亚对话，确定科索沃和塞尔维亚之间的边界。他说：“我要强调，科索沃绝不会分割。我要坚决强调，贝尔格莱德不能把分割科索沃的想法带到谈判桌上。”

欧盟安排塔奇总统和塞尔维亚总统武契奇夏天过后在布鲁塞尔会面。

一些专家和前外交官警告说，在巴尔干地区考虑重新划定边界会给这一地区带来不稳定的风险。巴尔干地区1990年代的战争是第二次世界大战以来欧洲最血腥的冲突，其影响人们还记忆犹新。冲突后南斯拉夫解体。

Kosovo President Proposes 'Correction' of Borders with Serbia

Kosovo's president on Thursday reiterated his idea of "a correction" of the border with Serbia, which is widely seen as essentially a territorial swap as part of a strategy to stabilize relations between both EU-aspirant nations.

Thaci was responding to an idea floated by some Serbian government officials that Kosovo, which has an ethnic Albanian majority but also a Serb minority, should be divided as a possible solution to settle a long-running dispute that is hindering both sides' ambitions to join the European Union.

Ostensibly dismissing the idea of a divided Kosovo along ethnic lines as unacceptable, Thaci instead proposed the concept of a "redefined" or "corrected" border with its Serbian neighbor to the north.

Thaci said: "We will work together with the international community to define the Kosovo-Serbia border." "I want to emphasize that Kosovo will not be divided; I want to forcefully stress it: Belgrade cannot bring to the table the division of Kosovo," he said.

Thaci is due to meet Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic in Brussels after the summer break under an EU-sponsored dialogue.

Experts and former diplomats have warned that rethinking borders in the Balkans would pose a risk to the stability in a region still struggling to come to terms with the wars of the 1990s, which tore apart Yugoslavia in Europe’s deadliest post-World War II conflict.

芝加哥抗议者呼吁关注枪支暴力

希望公众注意芝加哥强制暴力问题的抗议者一度封锁了芝加哥著名的沿密歇根湖畔的湖边大道。

《芝加哥论坛报》报道，抗议规模不是很大，但是大约200名抗议者实现了他们阻断成千上万驾车人交通的目标。

抗议组织者说，他们的要求是芝加哥警察总监约翰逊和市长伊曼纽尔辞职，因为他们在减少枪支暴力方面工作失败。

抗议组织者说，他们在市中心较富裕人口生活的地区举行抗议是为了也让他们分担枪支暴力和经济困境的痛苦。他们说，芝加哥很多黑人和拉美裔社区遭受的影响最严重。

抗议发生之际，正值芝加哥旅游业繁忙的一周。俊杰音乐节星期四拉开序幕。

抗议组织者之一利文斯顿牧师呼吁在音乐节上表演的艺术家与抗议者站在一起，取消他们的演出。不过，看来没有任何艺术家响应。

芝加哥今年已经发生了300多起谋杀，为美国所有城市之最，但是比芝加哥去年同一时期减少了23%。

Protesters March Against Gun Violence in Chicago

Protesters aiming to draw attention to the problem of gun violence in Chicago briefly shut down the city's famed Lake Shore Drive, which runs along Lake Michigan.

The Chicago Tribune reported that while the protest was not large, about 200 marchers achieved their aim of disrupting traffic for thousands of motorists.

Organizers said they are marching to demand the resignations of Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson and Mayor Rahm Emanuel, for failing to lower gun violence.

Organizers said they brought the protest to the heart of the city's more affluent enclaves to "redistribute the pain" of gun violence and economic blight plaguing some of Chicago's black and Latino communities.

The protest comes during a busy tourism week for Chicago with the annual Lollapalooza music festival starting Thursday.

Reverend Gregory Livingston, one of the march's lead organizers, called on the festival performers to stand with protesters and cancel their performances. But none of the artists appeared to comply.

Chicago has recorded more than 300 murders so far in 2018, more than any other U.S. city, but a 23 percent decline in killings compared to the same time last year.