新民调显示美国人大多不希望奥普拉参选总统

美国一项新的民意调查显示，大多数美国人不希望电视明星奥普拉·温弗瑞竞选总统，但是如果她真的参选，她可能会击败现任总统川普。

美国国家公共广播电台、公共电视台和马里斯特大学联合展开的这项民调显示，只有35%的选民希望奥普拉参加2020年总统大选，54%的人说不希望，11%的人称拿不定主意。

但是假如奥普拉与川普对决，50%的受访者说他们会投票支持奥普拉，39%的人说会选川普。受访选民基本上依党派划线，91%的民主党人支持奥普拉，85%的共和党人支持川普。

奥普拉上周日在金球奖颁奖典礼上发表获奖演说后，媒体纷纷猜测她可能会在2020年参选总统。

川普星期二说，他怀疑奥普拉会参选，但是如果她真的参选，他定会胜出。

跟川普在竞选总统前一样，奥普拉从来没有担任过公职。

New Poll Shows Majority of Americans Do Not Want Oprah to Run for President

A new poll shows that a majority of Americans do not want to see television star Oprah Winfrey run for president, although if she did run, the poll indicates that she could beat President Donald Trump.

The poll by National Public Radio, PBS NewsHour and Marist College found that only 35 percent of voters wanted Oprah to run for president in 2020. Another 54 percent said they did not want her to run and 11 percent said they were unsure.

However, in a hypothetical presidential race between Oprah and Trump, 50 percent of voters said they would vote for Winfrey while 39 percent said they would support Trump. Voters primarily followed party lines with 91 percent of Democrats backing Winfrey and 85 percent of Republicans supporting Trump.

Winfrey gave a speech at Sunday's Golden Globe Awards ceremony that led to intense media speculation about her candidacy in 2020.

Trump said Tuesday he doubted Winfrey would run, but if she did, he would win.

Winfrey, as was the case for Trump before being elected president, has never held public office.

网络安全公司称俄罗斯黑客曾攻击美国参议院

一家网络安全公司称，曾经在2016年总统选举期间窃取美国民主党电邮的俄罗斯黑客一直试图从美国参议院窃取信息。

这家名为“趋势科技”的网络安全公司星期五在网站上发表的一份新报告说，黑客去年6月设立了一些看起来像是参议院内部网络的网站，试图引诱使用者提供获得信息的途径。

这家公司说，一个叫Fancy Bear的俄罗斯黑客组织怀有政治动机，而且仍然很活跃。

报告没有说偷窃美国参议院信息的行动是否成功。这家公司称已经将黑客的活动信息告知参议院。

美国情报机构表示，Fancy Bear的黑客曾经在2016年总统选举期间窃取了美国民主党全国委员会的电邮。

趋势科技的报告还说，这些黑客还设立了一些目的是窃取奥运会电邮的网络，涉及的比赛项目包括冰球、雪车和滑雪。

Computer Security Firm Says Russian Hackers Targeting US Senate

A U.S. computer security firm says that Russian hackers who stole emails from the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 presidential election have been trying to steal information from the U.S. Senate.

A new report by security firm Trend Micro posted on their website Friday said that hackers set up websites in June meant to look like the Senate internal computer network in an attempt to trick people into providing access to information.

The firm said the group of Russian hackers, known as Fancy Bear, is politically motivated and still very active.

It did not say whether the operation targeting the Senate had successfully stolen information. The company said it has given information about the hackers' activities to the Senate.

U.S. intelligence agencies said Fancy Bear hackers stole emails from the DNC during the 2016 presidential election.

Also noted in Friday's report, Trend Micro said the hackers have set up infrastructure aimed at collecting emails from several Olympic Sports federations, including those for ice hockey, bobsleigh and skiing.