奥迪首席执行官被逮捕

德国当局逮捕了大众汽车集团旗下的奥迪首席执行官鲁伯特•施塔德勒。

他的被捕是对奥迪在欧洲销售汽车进行调查的一部分。据信，这些汽车上安装了在实际驾驶时可以关闭排放控制的软件。

上星期，慕尼黑检察官以涉嫌欺诈和文件处理不当为由，突袭搜查了施塔德勒的住处。

大众奥迪说，“无罪推定仍然适用于施塔德勒”。

奥迪已经承认在美国排放测试中作弊。

大众汽车前执行长马丁•文德恩（Martin Winterkorn）在美国受到指控，但是他不太可能面临这些指控，因为德国不会将其国民引渡到欧盟以外的国家。

Audi CEO Arrested

German authorities have arrested the chief executive of Volkswagen's Audi division, Rupert Stadler.

He was arrested Monday as part of an investigation about cars Audi sold in Europe that are believed to have been equipped with software that turned emissions controls off during regular driving.

Last week, Munich prosecutors raided Stadler's home on suspicion of fraud and improprieties of documents.

Volkswagen Audi said "the presumption of innocence remains in place for Mr. Stadler."

Volkswagen has pleaded guilty to emissions test cheating in the United States.

CEO Martin Winterkorn was charged in the United States, but he will unlikely face those charges since Germany does not extradite its nationals to countries outside the European Union.

美国与土耳其在叙利亚开始“协作但独立”的巡逻

五角大楼本周一向美国之音确认，美国已经与土耳其开始了在叙利亚北部城市曼比季附近“协调但独立”的巡逻行动。

国防部发言人埃里克·帕宏周一告诉美国之音：“我们在城市的一侧巡逻，他们在另一侧。这不是合作行动。”

今天早些时候，土耳其武装力量通过推特确认了美国和土耳其的“独立巡逻活动。”

帕宏表示，巡逻的目的是为了支持“曼比季的长治久安”并保证美国对土耳其作为北约成员国的承诺。

本月早些时候，土耳其和美国表示支持一张用于解决两国对于该城市的纷争的“路线图。”

此前，美土两国在美国对库尔德武装的支持上意见不一。安卡拉方面认为该组织是恐怖分子。

美国国防部长吉姆·马蒂斯6月11日告诉记者，美国与土耳其在军队前线的合作将以分别在两侧巡逻开始，他将其形容为“我看得到你，你看得到我。”

US, Turkey Begin 'Coordinated, Independent' Patrols Near Manbij

The United States has begun “coordinated but independent patrols” with Turkey near the volatile northern Syrian city of Manbij, the Pentagon confirmed to VOA on Monday.

“We are patrolling on one side and they are patrolling on the other,” defense spokesman Eric Pahon told VOA on Monday. “These patrols are not joint.”

Turkey’s armed forces confirmed the American and Turkish “independent patrol activities” via Twitter earlier in the day.

Pahon said the purpose of the patrols was to support “long-term security in Manbij” and uphold its commitments to NATO-ally Turkey.

Earlier this month, Turkey and the United States endorsed a “road map” to overcome months of dispute over the city.

The two countries have disagreed over U.S. support for the Kurdish YPG militia, which Ankara views as a terrorist organization.

U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters on June 11 that “collaboration” between the United States and Turkey along the forward line of troops would first include “patrols on each side saying, ‘Yes, I see you. You see me.’”