刚果民主共和国应对北部地区埃博拉病毒疫情

刚果卫生部专家星期四前往该国北部地区，协调应对新爆发的埃博拉病毒疫情。

刚果官员证实在北基伍省发现了4个埃博拉病例。一星期前，刚果和联合国的卫生官员宣布刚果西北地区造成33人死亡的埃博拉疫情解除。

目前没有任何证据显示这两个地方的埃博拉疫情有关联。

刚果卫生部说，北基伍省出现了26个出血热病例，其中20人死亡。

对这些病人中的6人进行了化验，其中4人感染了埃博拉病毒。

有关官员说，与2014年发生埃博拉疫情时大不相同，他们现在对应对埃博拉疫情做了更好的准备。2014年大都在几内亚、利比里亚和塞拉利昂的埃博拉疫情造成1万1千人死亡。

Congolese officials respond to Ebola outbreak

Experts from the Congolese health ministry are due in the northern region of country Thursday to coordinate a response to latest outbreak of the Ebola virus.

Officials confirmed four cases of the Ebola virus in the North Kivu province area of Democratic Republic of the Congo, a week after Congolese and U.N. health officials announced the end of a separate outbreak that killed 33 people in the country’s northwest.

There is no evidence yet suggesting the two outbreaks in the Congo are linked.

The health ministry said there were 26 cases of hemorrhagic fever in the North Kivu province, including 20 deaths.

Six samples from these patients were tested, and four tested positive for Ebola.

Officials have said they now feel better prepared for Ebola outbreaks, in sharp contrast to the 2014 epidemic of the virus, which killed more than 11,000 people, mostly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.

纽约男子违法买卖狮虎头骨被判9个月监禁

联邦法官星期三判处一名纽约男子9个月监禁，罪名是贩卖濒临灭绝的非洲狮和老虎的身体部位。

马拉素库姆被指控从卧底联邦特工手中购买狮子和老虎的头骨、爪和其它部位，然后运给泰国的一位买家。马拉素库姆承认有罪。

美国司法部说，这些狮子和老虎的骨头和其它部位的价值至少15万美元。

司法部代理助理部长伍德说，计划并策划利用这些动物身体部位并通过贩卖从中获利是犯罪行为。这些人将被绳之以法。

Prison for Trafficker in Endangered Lion and Tiger Parts

A federal judge sentenced a New York man to nine months in prison Wednesday for trafficking in endangered African lion and tiger parts.

Arongkron Malasukum pleaded guilty to charges of buying lion and tiger skulls, claws and other parts from undercover federal agents and shipping them to a buyer in Thailand.

The Justice Department says the bones and other parts were worth more than $150,000.

"Those who scheme and plot to criminally profit from the exploitation of these creatures will be brought to justice," Acting Assistant Attorney General Jeffrey Wood said.