以色列称空袭“重创”伊朗和叙利亚军队

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡星期天说，以色列在叙利亚境内重创了伊朗和叙利亚军队，并将继续打击任何进一步的侵略行为。

叙利亚的防空力量击落了以色列的一架F-16战斗机后，以色列星期六在叙利亚发动了突击行动。这是1982年以来以色列在战斗中损失的第一架飞机。

以色列军方说，这架F-16战斗机坠毁在以色列境内，飞行员弹出座舱。以色列说，其中一名飞行员在紧急撤离中受了重伤，另一名飞行员受了轻伤。

以色列说，它打击了叙利亚境内十几个伊朗和叙利亚目标，包括指挥中心和导弹防御设施。早些时候，以色列说击落了一架星期五从叙利亚出发进入以色列领空的伊朗无人机。

以色列官员说，不能接受伊朗在叙利亚的军事存在。伊朗否认有军队在叙利亚。

Israel Dealt 'Severe Blows' to Iranian, Syrian Targets

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that his country had dealt "severe blows" to Iranian and Syrian forces inside Syria and would continue to combat any further aggression.

Saturday's raids came after Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 fighter with anti-aircraft fire, the first time Israel has lost a warplane in battle since 1982.

The Israeli pilots were able to eject from their aircraft, which crashed in Israel, according to the Israeli military. Israel said one of its pilots was "severely injured" in the "emergency evacuation," while another pilot was slightly injured.

Israel said it hit a dozen Iranian and Syrian targets in Syria, including command centers and missile defenses. Earlier, Israel said it had shot down an Iranian drone launched from Syria after it entered Israeli territory late Friday.

Several Israeli officials said they refused to accept an Iranian military presence in Syria, which Tehran denies exists.

川普周一公布1.5万亿美元整修基础设施计划

美国总统川普预计星期一公布人们期待已久的重整美国失修的基础设施的计划。

这项计划的目标是以联邦政府2000亿美元的预算引来1.5万亿美元投资，更新美国的公路、桥梁、铁路和其它基础设施。

这项建议在很大程度上依赖各州和地方政府以及私营领域拿出更新基础设施所需的大部分资金。

联邦政府的2000亿美元将来自削减联邦项目所节省出来的资金。这笔资金中的一半将以配比资金的方式使用，在州政府和地方政府出资后以相同的数额添加。

联邦资金中的大约500亿美元将作为分类拨款，提供给州政府和地方政府，专门用于农村项目。大约200亿美元将拨给“转型项目”，即新项目和创新项目。

另外200亿美元将用于扩大贷款项目和私营活动债券。剩余的100亿美元将作为资本融资基金。

川普总统的基础设施计划还包括减少申请联邦许可证所需的时间和费用，最长时间不超过两年。目前一些联邦许可的申请程序可长达10年。

川普总统星期一将会见包括相关国会委员会主席在内的的国会重要议员讨论他的重整基础设施计划。

Trump to Unveil $1.5 Trillion Infrastructure Plan

U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday is set to unveil his long-awaited plan to tackle the nation's crumbling infrastructure.

The plan aims to turn $200 billion in federal funds into a $1.5 trillion investment for fixing America's roads, bridges, railways and other infrastructure.

The proposal relies heavily on state and local governments and the private sector to cover the costs for most of the projects.

The $200 billion federal funds would come from cuts to existing programs. Of that, half would be spent on an incentive program to match funds from state and local governments.

About $50 billion would go toward rural projects in the form of block grants to states. Another $20 billion would be allocated to "transformative programs" meant for new and innovative projects.

An additional $20 billion would go toward expanding loan programs and private activity bonds, and the final $10 billion would go into a "capital financing fund."

The plan also seeks to shorten the time and expense of getting federal permits to no more than two years. Currently, the process can take five to 10 years.

On Monday, Trump will meet with key members of Congress, including heads of relevant committees, to discuss the plan.