秘鲁司法系统因腐败丑闻引发震荡

秘鲁负责考核和推荐法官的全国法官委员会的主席罗德里盖兹辞职。披露出的一项腐败丑闻在秘鲁司法系统引发震荡。

秘鲁最高法院主席罗德里盖兹在推特上宣布，由于“体制危机”，他已递交了辞呈。

两星期前，秘鲁媒体公布了大批法官、上任和地方政府官员做幕后交易的录音。在一份录音，秘鲁司法部长海里西安排与最高法院法官帕里亚齐的会面。帕里亚齐法官听起来像是要用提供好处换钱。

在另一份录音中，一位法官问，是否要他给一名被控强奸儿童的男子减刑还是无罪释放。

秘鲁总统比斯卡拉上星期解除了海里西的司法部长职务。自从有关录音被公布于众后，几名法官和检察官被迫辞职。

比斯卡拉几个月前开始执政以来，承诺坚决打击腐败。

前任总统库琴斯基因为一段他的盟友在弹劾表决前夕试图花钱买选票的录音被公布于众而宣布辞职。

Corruption Scandal Rocks Peru's Judicial System

The head of Peru's National Council of Magistrates, which oversees judges and prosecutors, has resigned amid a corruption scandal that has rocked the country's judicial system.

Judicial chief Duberli Rodriguez announced on Twitter that he was tendering his resignation "due to the institutional crisis."

Two weeks ago, Peruvian media outlets published telephone ecordings involving an extensive network of judges, businessmen and local authorities describing back-room deals.

In one, Justice Minister Salvador Heresi was heard arranging a meeting with supreme Court judge Cesar Hinostroza Pariachi, who seemed to be offering to do favors in return for money.

In another, a judge can be heard asking whether he needs to reduce the sentence or set free a man accused of raping a child.

President Martin Vizcarra fired Heresi last week. Several judges and prosecutors have also been forced to resign since the audiotapes were made ublic.

Vizcarra has promised to be tough on corruption ever since taking office a few months ago.

He replaced former president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski who was forced to resign after audiotapes emerged showing his political allies trying to buy votes in his favor on the eve of an impeachment decision.

韩国前总统朴槿惠再被判8年徒刑

韩国一家法院星期五根据对前总统朴槿惠有关2016年议会选举的指控判处她再服8年徒刑。

根据首尔中心区法院的文件，66岁的朴槿惠由于从国家情报局收受将近30亿美元被判处6年监禁，因为不当干预议会候选人的选择被判两年徒刑。

朴槿惠否认有任何违法行为，法院星期五宣判时也没有出庭。

一家初级法院今年4月判处朴槿惠犯有贿赂、滥用职权以及胁迫罪行判处她24个月徒刑。目前朴槿惠正在监狱服刑。

Former South Korean President Sentenced to Eight More Years in Prison

A South Korean court sentenced former president Park Geun-hye to eight more years in prison Friday on charges related to 2016 parliamentary elections.

According to Seoul Central District Court documents, Park, 66, was sentenced to six years in prison for receiving nearly $3 billion from the National Intelligence Service, and two additional years for improperly interfering in the selection of parliamentary candidates.

Park, who has denied any wrongdoing, did not appear in court Friday.

Park is serving a separate 24-year jail term, after a lower court found her guilty of other corruption charges in April, including bribery, abuse of power and coercion.