美国准备在网络战中采取主动

美国准备在网络空间采取攻势，确保对手明确知道，要为黑客攻击、网络入侵和任何其它形式的攻击付出代价。

美国总统特朗普星期四签署了一项新的国家网络战略，要以更积极的行动应对来自其它国家、恐怖组织和犯罪组织不断增加的网络威胁。

特朗普总统在一份声明中说：“行政当局将采取一切可行手段保护美国不受网络威胁。”他还表示，新战略是“重要一步”。

美国政府其他高级官员说，新战略是一项重要而急需的改革。

美国国家安全顾问博尔顿对记者说：“我们不能只是防御。我们要采取很多主动行动。我认为我们的对手需要知道这一点。”

他补充说，“我们不再像奥巴马时期那样被捆住手脚。”

特朗普行政当局称这项立即生效的战略是15年来美国首次对网络战略的“全面阐述”，为美国政府各部门和机构提供指导，如何对它们的数据以及数百万美国民众的个人信息提供最佳保护。

新战略还要求采取具体措施，加强美国政府网络不受攻击，例如2015年6月针对美国人事管理办公室（OPM）网络的入侵，导致约420万名现任和前任政府雇员的记录被盗。这次攻击被认为是中国所为。

这一新战略在11月6日的美国中期选举前不到两个月推出，一些重要的安全和情报官员已经加强警告，俄罗斯和美国的其他对手，例如中国、伊朗和朝鲜，可能会设法利用网络干涉选举。

至于转守为攻的网络措施可能有哪些，博尔顿不愿说明。但白宫官员表示，这些措施已经推翻了前奥巴马政府的一项指令，带给军方更大便利发动黑客反击行动，而之前的指令使得任何网络进攻行动都要经过漫长审批程序。

US Set to Strike in Cyberspace

The United States is prepared to go on the offensive in cyberspace to ensure adversaries know there is a price to pay for hacks, network intrusions and other types of attacks.

President Donald Trump signed a new National Cyber Strategy Thursday, calling for a more aggressive response to the growing online threat posed by other countries, terrorist groups and criminal organizations.

"My administration will use all available means to keep America safe from cyberthreats," Trump said in a statement, calling the new strategy an "important step."

Other key officials called the new strategy an important and badly needed change.

"We're not just on defense," National Security Advisor John Bolton told reporters. "We're going to do a lot of things offensively and I think our adversaries need to know that."

"Our hands are not tied as they were in the Obama administration," he added.

The strategy, which takes effect immediately, is being billed by the Trump administration as the first "fully articulated" cyber strategy in 15 years, providing direction to various departments and agencies on how best to protect their data as well as the private data of millions of Americans.

It also calls for specific measures to harden U.S. government networks from attacks, like the June 2015 intrusion into the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM), which compromised the records of about 4.2 million current and former government employees，an attack attributed to China.

The new strategy comes less than two months before the U.S. midterm elections on November 6, and as key security and intelligence officials have amplified their warnings that Russia and other adversaries, like China, Iran and North Korea, may seek to use cyber means to interfere.

The new U.S. cyber strategy seeks to allay some of those concerns by promoting responsible behavior in cyberspace, urging nations to adhere to a set of norms, both though international law and voluntary standards.

As for what offensive cyber measures might look like, Bolton would not say. But White House officials contend they have already made it easier for the military to hack back by reversing a directive from the Obama administration known as PPD-20, which created what they describe as a lengthy approval process for any offensive operation.

美国讲阿拉伯语人数自2000年以来翻了近一番

研究人员根据人口普查数据分析发现，目前有超过120万美国居民在家里说阿拉伯语，而2000年美国只有大约614,000名讲阿拉伯语的人，这个数字在不到20年的时间里增加了近50％。

自2010年以来，从阿富汗、叙利亚、沙特阿拉伯、伊拉克和索马里等伊斯兰国家来美的合法移民人数激增。例如过去7年中，美国的阿富汗移民增加了84％。

媒体报道说，美国前五大城市中有近一半的居民在家里说英语之外的语言。在加利福尼亚州的洛杉矶，有近60％的居民在家里说外语。

2000年，美国大约有2810万居民在家讲西班牙语。今天这个人数超过4100万人，增幅超过40％。

美国现有超过6650万居民在家里说英语以外的语言。如果不做出减少大量合法移民涌入美国的移民改革，预计这一数字将继续增加。

美国每年接纳超过150万名合法移民。 2017年，美国的在外国出生人口达到108年来的最高纪录，占美国总人口的近14％。研究人员估计，到2023年，研究人员估计美国合法和非法移民人口将占美国总人口的近15％。

Number of Arabic Speakers in America Has Nearly Doubled Since 2000

Census Bureau data analyzed by researchers finds that there are now more than 1.2 million U.S. residents who speak Arabic at home. In the year 2000, there were only about 614,000 Arabic speakers in the country, representing a near 50 percent increase in the total in less than two decades.

Legal immigration to the U.S. from Islamic nations, such as Afghanistan, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Somalia has skyrocketed since 2010. For example, immigration from Afghanistan to the U.S. has increased 84 percent in the last seven years.

As media reported, nearly half of residents in America’s top five largest cities speak a foreign language at home. In Los Angeles, California, nearly 60 percent of residents speak a foreign language at home.

In 2000, there were about 28.1 million U.S. residents who spoke Spanish at home. Today, there are more than 41 million U.S. residents who speak Spanish at home, an increase of more than 40 percent.

There are now more than 66.5 million residents in the U.S. that speak a language other than English at home. This number is expected to continue to increase should there be no reforms made to reduce the flow of mass legal immigration to the country.

Every year, the U.S. admits more than 1.5 million legal immigrants. In 2017, the foreign-born population boomed to a 108-year record high, making up nearly 14 percent of the total U.S. population. By 2023, researchers estimate that the legal and illegal immigrant population of the U.S. will make up nearly 15 percent of the entire U.S. population.