美国起诉12名俄罗斯军官阴谋干预2016年总统大选

美国特别检察官周五起诉12名俄罗斯军队情报官员阴谋干预2016年的美国总统大选。

特别检察官穆勒和司法部副部长罗森斯坦在华盛顿宣布了大陪审团的指控。

其中11名被告被控实施电脑黑客行为，偷取材料并将其公开，试图影响大选。

罗森斯坦说，第12名被告被控“共谋侵入大选相关组织的电脑系统，包括州选举委员会，州务卿以及为大选提供软件和其他技术的公司”。

起诉书说，这些俄罗斯人为俄罗斯军事情报总局“格鲁乌”的两个部门工作。

美国总统川普和俄罗斯总统普京不久将在赫尔辛基会面。罗森斯坦说，他本周早些时候向川普总统通报了这些指控。

“总统完全了解司法部采取的行动”，罗森斯坦在新闻发布会上说。

今年二月，特别检察官起诉了一家俄罗斯媒体公司，起诉其12名员工及背后金主。

US Charges 12 Russian Military Officers With Conspiracy to Interfere in 2016 Election

Twelve Russian military intelligence officers were indicted by the U.S. special counsel on Friday of conspiring to interfere in the 2016 presidential elections.

Special Counsel Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced the indictment by a grand jury in Washington, D.C.

Eleven of the defendants were charged with conspiring to hack computers, steal documents and release them in an effort to influence the election.

The twelfth was charged with "conspiring to infiltrate computers of organizations responsible for administering elections, including state boards of election, secretaries of state, and companies that supply software and other technology used to administer elections," Rosenstein said.

The Russians worked for two units of GRU, Russia's military intelligence agency, according to the indictment.

The charges comes ahead of a July 16 meeting between U.S. president Donald Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin in Helsinki. Rosenstein said he briefed Trump on the allegations against the Russian operatives earlier this week.

"The president is fully aware of today's actions by the Department," Rosenstein told a press conference.

In February, the special counsel announced charges against a Russian social media troll company, 12 of its employees, and its financial backer.

中国军舰窥测国际军事演习

美国海军称正在密切注意一艘中国间谍船在夏威夷附近国际水域的动向。由25个国家参加的世界上最大规模的国际海上军事演习正在附近进行。

美国国防部一名官员星期五对美国之音说：“他们在窥探国际演习的情报。”

美国海军太平洋舰队的一名发言人还说，他们预计这艘船不会进入美国领海，它的行动也不会干扰正在进行的环太平洋军演。

美国海军的一名官员说，这艘中国侦测船星期三抵达夏威夷水域，在美国专属经济区内活动。这名官员还说，美国海军已经采取“一切防范措施来保护重要的信息。”

中国本来接到了参加这次军演的邀请，但是在5月份美国撤回了邀请。

五角大楼发言人海军上校克里斯托弗·洛根说，中国军队最近在南中国海的行动破坏了当地的稳定，违反了在国际水域自由航行的国际准则。

洛根说：“中国的行为不符合环太平洋军演的原则和目的。”

Chinese Ship Spies on International Military Exercises

The U.S. Navy says it is closely watching a Chinese spy ship in international waters by the U.S. state of Hawaii, as 25 nations participate the world's largest international naval warfare exercises nearby.

"They (China) are spying on international exercises," a U.S. defense official told VOA on Friday.

A U.S. Navy Pacific Fleet spokesperson added that the Navy "expect(s) this ship will remain outside of U.S. territorial seas and not operate in a manner that disrupts the ongoing Rim of the Pacific maritime exercises."

A Navy official said the Chinese surveillance ship arrived in the waters off Hawaii on Wednesday and is operating within the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone. The official added that the Navy has taken "all precautions necessary to protect critical information."

China was disinvited from participating in the Rim of the Pacific Exercise (RIMPAC) in May.

Pentagon spokesman Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan said recent Chinese military actions in the South China Sea "destabilized" the region and ran counter to international norms for freedom of navigation in international waters.

"China's behavior is inconsistent with the principles and purposes of the RIMPAC exercise," Logan said.