联合国：伊朗遵守了伊核协议限制条款

联合国的国际原子能机构说，伊朗遵守了2015年签署的国际协议中有关限制其核活动的条款。

国际原子能机构星期四的报告是川普总统宣布美国退出伊核协议以来核查人员对伊朗核项目的第一次评估。

国际原子能机构说，伊朗在浓缩铀的数量、储存以及其它相关核活动都在伊核协议规定的最高限以下。

但是国际原子能机构批评伊朗在允许额外核查方面进行了限制。

国际原子能机构公布评估伊朗核活动的报告之际，美国恢复了对伊朗的制裁，争取迫使伊朗重回谈判桌，达成新的核协议，包括限制其导弹试验和终止在中东地区的军事活动。

美国说，在今后数月内，将逐步恢复伊朗同意限制其核活动后暂停的制裁。制裁对伊朗经济造成严重影响。但是签署伊核协议的其它5个国家，英国、法国、德国、中国和俄罗斯都说他们继续支持伊核协议。

UN Says Iran Is Complying with Nuclear Agreement Restrictions

The United Nations atomic watchdog says Iran is complying with restrictions on its nuclear program in accord with the 2015 international agreement.

The International Atomic Energy Agency report Thursday marks the inspectors' first assessment since President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the pact.

The IAEA said Tehran is staying within limits on the level to which it can enrich uranium, the size of its stock of enriched uranium and other strictures.

But the U.N. agency chided Iran for limiting "complementary access" inspections.

The U.N. assessment came as the United States imposed new sanctions on Iran in an effort to force the Islamic Republic back to the bargaining table to negotiate new terms of the nuclear agreement, curb its ballistic missile tests and end its military advances in the Middle East.

In the coming months, the United States says it will reimpose sanctions it and other countries dropped when Tehran agreed to restrain its nuclear program, measures that hobbled the Iranian economy. But the five other signatories to the Iran nuclear accord — Britain, France, Germany, China and Russia — all have said they continue to support the deal.

加拿大餐馆爆炸案造成15人受伤

加拿大警方说，在安大略省，两名男子走进一家餐馆，引爆了一枚自制炸弹。

加拿大官员说，星期四晚上在安大略省密西加沙的The Bombay Bhel餐馆的爆炸中有3人受重伤。

当局说，还有12人受了轻伤。

没有任何嫌疑人被逮捕。到目前为止，也没有人宣称对炸弹爆炸事件负责。

15 Wounded in Canadian Blast in Restaurant

Canadian police say two men walked into a restaurant in Ontario and detonated an "improvised explosive device."

Officials say three people were critically wounded in the blast Thursday night at The Bombay Bhel restaurant in Mississauga, Ontario.

Authorities say another 12 people received superficial wounds.

The suspects have not been apprehended.

So far, there has been no immediate claim of responsibility.