川普要求国防部为退伍军人节举行阅兵式做准备

美国总统川普表示，他已经要求五角大楼准备今年退伍军人节那一天在首都华盛顿举行阅兵式。

川普星期六晚上通过电话接受福克斯新闻台采访时说，阅兵式将在连接白宫和美国国会的宾夕法尼亚大道上举行。

他说：“我们会看看能否在合理的费用内举行阅兵式。如果不行，那我们没办法做这件事。“

川普说，阅兵式上会出现很多空军飞机飞越上空的场面。

今年的退伍军人节刚好是第一次世界大战结束100周年纪念日。

川普去年7月14日在巴黎观看了法国阅兵式后受到了启发。

Trump Tells Defense Department to Plan Military Parade for Veterans Day

President Donald Trump said he has asked the Pentagon to stage a military parade in the nation’s capital on Veterans Day.

Trump was interviewed live via telephone on Fox News Saturday night. He said the parade would be held “up and down” Pennsylvania Avenue, the street in Washington that runs from the White House to the U.S. Capitol.

“We’ll see if we can do it at a reasonable cost,” Trump said. “If we can’t, we don’t do it.”

He said the parade would include “a lot of flyovers” of Air Force planes.

The Veterans Day holiday this year coincides with the 100-year anniversary of the end of World War I.

The inspiration to hold a military parade began after Trump watched Bastille Day events in Paris last July 14.

美国公民及移民服务局不再称美国为“移民国家”

美国负责居留与入籍申请事项的政府部门本周起停止在其使命声明中称美国为“移民国家”。这项改变在华盛顿引起一阵哗然。

美国公民及移民服务局(USCIS)这项修改过的使命声明最先于周四被媒体报道。USCIS局长在写给单位职员的信件中表示这是“在未来这些年将指引我们”的改变。

直到星期三，USCIS的使命声明开头还是：

“USCIS确保美国作为移民国家的承诺，为我们的客户提供准确和有用的信息、核准移民与公民身分福利、提升对公民身分的意识与了解，并且确保我们移民体系的公正。”

现在改成了下面的词句：

“美国公民及移民服务局管理国家的合法移民系统，有效率而且公平地裁决关于移民福利的请求，同时保障美国人、确保国土安全，并尊崇我们的价值，以此来守护这个系统的公正与承诺。”

USCIS表示，新的用词是由局长希斯纳(L. Francis Cissna)构思出来的，希斯纳认为这清楚地界定了USCIS的角色，也说明了服务对象。

Citizenship Agency Stops Calling US 'Nation of Immigrants'

The U.S. agency that handles residency and citizenship applications this week stopped referring to the United States as a "nation of immigrants" in its mission statement, a change that prompted raised eyebrows in Washington.

The revised mission statement, first reported on Thursday, was noted in a letter from the director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services to agency employees as a change to "guide us in the years ahead."

The beginning of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services mission statement, as recently as Wednesday, read:

USCIS secures America's promise as a nation of immigrants by providing accurate and useful information to our customers, granting immigration and citizenship benefits, promoting an awareness and understanding of citizenship, and ensuring the integrity of our immigration system.

The statement now reads:

U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services administers the nation's lawful immigration system, safeguarding its integrity and promise by efficiently and fairly adjudicating requests for immigration benefits while protecting Americans, securing the homeland, and honoring our values.

USCIS says the new wording was developed by director L. Francis Cissna, who said it clearly defines the agency's role and makes clear who it serves.