差不多半数美国人认为川普在俄罗斯干涉2016年大选一事上有不当行为

美国昆尼皮亚克大学一项新的民调结果显示，逾四成的美国人认为川普总统在俄罗斯干涉2016年美国总统大选一事上有不当行为。42%的受访者认为川普有不当行为，43％的人认为他没有。

当被问及总统竞选班子是否可以接受敌对国家提供的有关竞选对手的信息时，79％的人表示“永远不可接受”，12％的人表示这是可以接受的。

一半以上的美国选民（51％）认为特别检察官罗伯特·穆勒对俄罗斯干预2016年美国大选所进行的调查是公平的，33％的人认为穆勒不公平。

对于川普总统个人，59％的选民表示不喜欢他，只有31％的人说他们喜欢。

民调还显示，58％的人认为川普政府在帮助中产阶级美国人方面做得不够，而38％的人认为他做得够。

59%的人认为川普没有以对白人那样的尊重的态度同等对待有色人种，而39％的人认为有色人种受到同样的尊重。

这次全国民意调查于8月9日至13日进行。

Almost Half of American Voters Say Trump Committed Wrongdoing in Connection With Russia

A new Quinnipiac University poll shows almost half of all Americans believe U.S. President Donald Trump is guilty of wrongdoing in connection with Russia's interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Forty-two-percent said they believed he committed wrongful acts, while 43 percent said he did not.

When asked if it is ever acceptable for a presidential campaign to get information on a political opponent from hostile foreign power, 79-percent said it was "never acceptable," while 12-percent said it was acceptable.

More than half of American voters, 51 percent, believe Special Counsel Robert Mueller is conducting a fair investigation into's Russia's meddling in the 2016 elections, as opposed to 33 percent who felt Mueller is not.

As a person, 59 percent of voters said they disliked Trump, while only 31 percent said they did.

The poll also showed that 58 percent felt the Trump administration is not doing enough to help middle class Americans as opposed to 38 percent who believed he is.

Fifty-nine percent felt Trump does not treat people of color with the same amount of respect he shows white people, while 39 percent did treat people of color with the same amount of respect.

The nationwide poll was conducted from August 9-13.

意大利热那亚桥梁坍塌 至少26人丧生

意大利当局表示，周二，北部港口城市热那亚的一座公路桥在暴风雨中部分倒塌，造成至少35人死亡。

交通部副部长爱德华多·瑞希在接受天空新闻台（SkyNews24）采访时说：“这样一座重要的桥梁竟然会这样坍塌，这是不可接受的。”

交通部长达尼洛·托尼内利说：“这似乎是一场惨重的悲剧，“他在非常不安地关注事态的发展。

一名目击者告诉意大利星空电视台，桥梁坍塌时，他看到桥上有“8或9”辆轿车，他将其称之为“世界末日的场景”。

安莎通讯社发布的照片显示，这座桥上有一个大裂口，这个裂口致使桥梁坍塌在河流、铁轨和建筑物上。

消防部门的官员阿玛莉亚·泰得奇说，这个裂口长约80米。

泰得奇告诉意大利广播电视公司国家电视台，两名受伤人员从车辆中被救出，搜救犬正在废墟中寻找更多的幸存者。她还说重型设备在赶来，挪走桥梁的断裂部分。

安莎通讯社讯报道说，意大利当局怀疑是桥梁结构脆弱导致桥梁坍塌，该桥梁建于1960年代，并于2016年进行了翻修。

这座桥是连接意大利里维埃拉地区和法国南部海岸的主要通道。

Italian Highway Bridge Collapses in Genoa, at least 35 Dead

Italian authorites say as many as 35 people were killed when a bridge carrying vehicles partially collapsed in the northern port city of Genoa Tuesday during an intense storm.

"It's not acceptable that such an important bridge ... was not built to avoid this kind of collapse," Deputy Transport Minister Edoardo Rixi said in an interview with SkyNews24.

Transport Minister Danilo Toninelli said he was "following with great apprehension what seems like an immense tragedy."

An eyewitness told Sky Italia television he saw "eight or nine" vehicles on the bridge when it crumbled in what he described as an "apocalyptic scene."

ANSA news agency published photos showing a gaping hole in the bridge, which collapsed over a river, railroad tracks and buildings.

Fire department official Amalia Tedeschi, an official with the firefighters, said the hole was about 80 meters in length.

Tedeschi told RAI state TV two people had been rescued from vehicles with injuries and rescue dogs are searching through the rubble for more survivors. She also said heavy equipment was enroute to lift pieces of the bridge.

ANSA reported authorities suspect structure weakness caused the collapse of the bridge, which was built in the 1960's and underwent renovation in 2016.

The bridge is a major thoroughfare that links the Italian Riviera to France's southern coast.