英特使：刺杀前俄间谍行动绝非“普通犯罪”

英国常驻联合国副代表星期三说，一项彻底的调查显示，一名前俄罗斯间谍在一座英国城镇被刺杀未遂事件的背后是俄罗斯。

英国常驻联合国副代表艾伦对安理会成员说：“今年3月4号，有人在英国一个静谧的城镇使用了在战争中都被禁用的化学武器发动刺杀行动。”

前俄罗斯间谍斯克里帕尔（Sergei Skripal）和他的女儿尤丽娅在英国的索尔斯伯利被人发现失去知觉后，立即送往医院，目前状况依然严重。包括一名警察在内的若干人也感觉不适。

英国官员说，刺杀行动使用的是诺维乔克（Novichok）神经毒剂。前苏联开发的这种毒剂留给了俄罗斯。

艾伦副代表说：“这不是普通犯罪，而是非法使用武力。”

他说，英国政府已经要求禁止化学武器组织对这一神经毒剂的使用进行独立调查。

英国首相特蕾莎.梅星期三早些时候宣布驱逐23名俄罗斯外交官。

俄罗斯驻联合国代表内本西亚（Vassily Nebenzia）大使反驳了英国的指称。

他告诉安理会成员说：“俄罗斯与此事毫无关联。”

他还要求英国提供毒剂的样本，以便进行联合调查。

内本西亚大使说，俄罗斯政府1992年停止开发化学武器，并于2017年9月销毁了所有化学武器库存。

British Envoy: Russia's Attempted Assassination of Ex-Spy was ‘No Common Crime'

Britain's deputy U.N. ambassador said Wednesday that a thorough investigation points to Russia being behind the attempted assassination of a former Russian spy in an English town.

"On the 4th of March, a weapon so horrific that it is banned from use in war was used in a peaceful city in my country," British deputy Ambassador Jonathan Allen told Security Council members of the attack using a chemical weapon.

Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, were found unconscious on a park bench in the town of Salisbury and rushed to the hospital, where they remain in serious condition. Several other individuals, including a police officer, were sickened.

British officials said the chemical nerve agent known as Novichok was used in the attack. It was developed by the Soviet Union and inherited by Russia.

"This was no common crime," Allen said. "It was an unlawful use of force."

He noted Russia has a history of state-sponsored assassinations and cited the 2006 murder of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, who was poisoned and later died in London.

He said his government has asked the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to independently verify the nerve agent used.

Earlier Wednesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May announced several reprisals, including the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats from Britain.

Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia dismissed the British accusations.

"Russia had nothing to do with this incident," he told council members.

He demanded that London provide samples of substances used in the attack for a joint investigation.

The Russian envoy said his government had ceased developing chemical weapons in 1992 and destroyed its stockpiles in September 2017.

斯洛文尼亚总理辞职

斯洛文尼亚总理米罗·采拉尔（Miro Cerar）星期三晚上辞职。此前，斯洛文尼亚最高法院裁决，支持一项大型铁路工程的全民公决无效。

采拉尔在给议会的函件中说：“这是压垮骆驼的最后一根稻草。第二轨项目再次受到那些想阻止斯洛文尼亚积极发展的人的打击。我不想参与其中。”

采拉尔计划星期四向总统博鲁特•帕霍尔（Borut Pahor）正式递交辞呈。

斯洛文尼亚选民去年9月投票支持耗资12亿美元、把一条重要铁路线从一座亚德里亚海港口延伸到意大利边界的项目。

但是最高法院裁决，政府不公正地影响选民，使这一项目获得通过，因此必须重新举行公投。

采拉尔说，这条新铁路线对“斯洛文尼亚的发展具有战略意义”。

他还说，他的中间偏左政府2014年执政以来，斯洛文尼亚的经济有了相当大的改观。

斯洛文尼亚原定今年6月举行议会选举，但是采拉尔的辞职可能导致提前举行议会选举。

Slovenian PM Resigns

Slovenia Prime Minister Miro Cerar resigned late Wednesday over a Supreme Court decision nullifying a referendum in favor of a major railroad project.

"This was the straw that broke the camel's back," Cerar said in his resignation note to parliament. "The second track project has been hit by another blow taken by those who want to stop Slovenia's positive development. I don't want to be part of such stories."

He plans to submit his resignation to President Borut Pahor Thursday.

Voters in September approved the $1.2 billion project to extend a key rail line from an Adriatic port to the Italian border.

But the Slovenian Supreme Court ordered a new vote, saying the government unfairly influenced voters to approve the project.

Cerar said the rail line would be of "strategic importance for the development of Slovenia."

Cerar says his center-left coalition is leaving the country in much better economic shape than it was when it took power in 2014.

Parliamentary elections are set for June, but Cerar's resignation may move them up.