巴基斯坦对白宫有关避风港的评论表示关切

巴基斯坦国防部长对美国白宫一份声明表达关注。这份声明说，美军已经接到授权摧毁激进分子在巴基斯坦的避风港。

白宫星期二晚间发送给媒体的一份电邮列出了川普总统上任后第一年在外交政策上的成就，其中就提到了有关巴基斯坦的上述说法。

巴基斯坦国防部长达斯特吉尔汗在接受美国之音采访时说，他很严肃对待上述说法。

他说：“我们希望向美方明确表示，巴基斯坦是一个主权国家，其主权必须得到尊重。” 他补充说：“人们对这种说法可能会有不同的解释。美方应该与巴基斯坦磋商。美方的这些话使我们难以在阿富汗取得和平。”

美国军方一位高级官员星期四在五角大楼记者会上表示，美军没有在巴基斯坦境内展开军事行动的打算。

美国与巴基斯坦的关系正在迅速恶化。上个月，川普政府决定切断几乎所有对伊斯兰堡当局的安全援助，直到巴基斯坦对其境内的恐怖分子网络采取更强有力的行动。

Pakistan Expresses Concern after White House Comment on Safe Havens

Pakistan's defense minister is expressing concern about a White House statement saying the U.S. military has been given authority to eliminate militant safe havens in Pakistan.

The White House statement was published within a late Tuesday email to the press that listed Donald Trump's foreign policy accomplishments during his first year as president.

In an interview with VOA's Urdu Service, Pakistani Defense Minister Khurram Dastgir Khan said he takes the statement "very seriously."

"We want to make it clear to the U.S. that Pakistan is a sovereign country and its sovereignty must be respected," Dastgir said. "Instead of using these words, which can be interpreted in any way, Pakistan should be consulted," he added. "Statements like this are taking us away from peace in Afghanistan."

At a Thursday Pentagon press briefing, a senior official said the U.S. military doesn't "contemplate military operations inside Pakistan."

Pakistan-U.S. relations have deteriorated rapidly. Last month the Trump administration cut nearly all security aid to Islamabad until the country takes stronger steps to deal with terrorist networks operating in its territory.

川普警告共和党人：别管年轻无证移民叫“追梦者”

美国总统川普星期四警告共和党议员，不要把几十万面临遣返的年轻无证移民称为“追梦者”。

川普总统对在西维吉尼亚州一处度假地参加政治会议的共和党人说：“有些人管它叫‘追梦者’，那不是‘追梦者’，不要落入这个圈套。我们国家也有追梦者。我们不能忘记我们的追梦者。”

川普说，他希望国会能够达成协议，保护将近200万名年轻移民不被遣返，但是他指责民主党人不断把有争议的移民问题政治化却没有诚意真正解决问题。

川普敦促共和党人通过移民改革方案，以保护国家和边界，并使美国的移民制度现代化，从而满足美国劳动者和美国家庭的需要。他说：“我们需要一个公正、公平、能够保护我们人民的移民政策。”

他说，如果民主党人在目前有关移民改革的谈判中不能与共和党人取得共识，那共和党人需要选举更多的本党议员，扩大在参众两院的多数地位。

移民辩论与国会和白宫此刻仍在展开的有关维持政府运作的资金授权谈判有关。目前的临时开支法案在2月9日到期，只剩一个星期。上个月，由于两党在移民问题上争执不下，联邦政府机构陷入了历时三天的部分关闭状态。

Trump Warns Republicans against Labeling Young Undocumented Immigrants as 'Dreamers'

U.S. President Donald Trump warned Republican lawmakers Thursday against labeling hundreds of thousands of young immigrants facing deportation as "dreamers."

"Some people call it Dreamers, it's not Dreamers. Don't fall into that trap," Trump told the Republicans at a political party retreat at a West Virginia resort. "We have dreamers in this country, too. We can't forget our dreamers."

Trump said he hopes Congress will reach an agreement to protect nearly 2 million young immigrants from being deported, but accused Democrats of politicizing contentious immigration issues while not seriously trying to resolve them.

Trump urged the Republicans to "pass immigration reform that protects our country, defends our borders and modernizes our immigration rules to serve the needs of American workers and of American families. We want an immigration policy that's fair, equitable, that's going to protect our people."

He said that if Democrats do not agree in ongoing negotiations to immigration reforms, then Republicans need to elect more of their party members to increase the size of the majority blocs they now have in both the Senate and House of Representatives.

The immigration debate is linked to ongoing discussions between Congress and the White House about funding for government agencies, with a current stopgap spending measure expiring in a week, on February 9. The immigration issue was at the center of a funding dispute that led last month to a three-day, partial shutdown of government agencies.