川普总统考虑如何对叙利亚疑似化武攻击做出反应

美国总统川普说，他的政府很可能在事实确定之后宣布如何针对叙利亚首都郊区受到的疑似化学武器攻击做出反应。

川普总统星期一在与军方高级官员开会前说，将会针对这个攻击“做出反应，而且是强大的反应”。

川普总统强调，美国有力量阻止类似星期六在叙利亚反政府力量控制的东古塔发生的攻击行动。那次攻击造成至少40人丧生。

川普总统说，”我们有很多军事选项”，但是他没有透露细节。他去年下令对叙利亚一个被用来发动化学武器攻击的机场发动了空中打击。

川普总统一直对奥巴马总统的军事战略持批评态度。他说，提前宣布军事行动计划是失败的战略。

Trump Weighing Decision on Response to Alleged Chemical Attack in Syria

U.S. President Donald Trump says his administration will likely say "after the fact" how it decided to respond to a suspected chemical attack on the outskirts of Syria's capital.

"It will be met, and it will be met forcefully," Trump said before meeting with senior military leaders late Monday.

He highlighted what he said was the power of the United States to stop atrocities like the attack Saturday in rebel-held eastern Ghouta that killed at least 40 people.

"We have a lot of options, militarily," he said, without giving specifics. Last year, he ordered airstrikes on a Syrian airfield used to launch another chemical attack.

Trump was critical of former President Barack Obama for what he said was a failing strategy of publicizing planned military maneuvers ahead of time.

美国国民卫队前往美墨边境

美国亚利桑纳州向美国和墨西哥边境派出225名国民卫队。亚利桑纳州州长杜西说，星期二还将部署更多国民卫队。

在亚利桑那州之前，德克萨斯州上星期五向美墨边境派遣了250名国民卫队。

其它两个与墨西哥接壤的新墨西哥州和加利福尼亚州还没有派遣国民卫队。不过，新墨西哥州州长表示，他会派遣国民卫队。加利福尼亚州州长没有说该州是否参加这个行动。

美国国防部长马蒂斯上星期签署命令，授权派遣最多4000名国民卫队加强边界守卫。根据这个命令，五角大楼将在9月今年的财政年度结束之前提供派遣国民卫队的经费。

US National Guard Troops Head to the US-Mexico Border

Arizona is sending 225 National Guard troops to the U.S./Mexico border and Gov. Doug Ducey said more troops would be deployed on Tuesday.

Arizona joins Texas, which sent 250 Guard troops to the border Friday.

The other two border states, New Mexico and California, have not called up any guardsmen, although New Mexico’s governor has indicated that the state will participate in the activation. California’s governor has not said what his state will do.

U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis signed an order last week authorizing up to 4,000 National Guard troops to secure the border. The order provided Pentagon funding for the troops through September.