马克龙访美 伊朗、叙利亚和贸易是重大议题

美国总统川普星期二在白宫为来访的法国总统马克龙正式举办欢迎仪式，两位领导人正式会谈后，川普总统为马克龙总统举行国宴。

参加欢迎仪式的有来自美国5个军兵种的大约500名军人。在川普总统举行的第一个国宴上，将有华盛顿国家交响乐团演奏。

星期二的双边会谈可能涉及两国政府面临的若干具有全球重要性的问题，包括叙利亚战争、伊朗的核计划、以及川普总统计划对铝钢产品加征关税的问题。

川普总统对与马克龙总统的友谊引以为豪，这也是他邀请法国总统作为他的政府接待的第一个国事访问外国贵宾的理由之一。

马克龙总统很可能利用在白宫会谈的机会努力说服川普总统不要退出6个国家与伊朗达成的伊核协议。川普总统始终称这是一份糟糕的协议。5月12号是川普总统将决定是否根据伊核协议暂免对伊朗制裁的最后期限。

伊朗认为，恢复制裁就是撕毁协议，并威胁会再次启动核计划。

Iran, Syria, Trade Hover Over Macron's US Visit

U.S. President Donald Trump officially welcomes French President Emmanuel Macron with an arrival ceremony Tuesday at the White House before the leaders hold official talks and attend a state dinner.

The ceremony is set to include nearly 500 service members from all five branches of the U.S. military, while Trump's first state dinner will feature entertainment by the Washington National Opera company.

Tuesday's bilateral meeting comes with several issues of global importance confronting the governments of both countries, including the war in Syria, Iran's nuclear program and Trump's plan to impose tariffs on aluminum and steel imports.

Trump takes great pride in his friendship with Macron, which is one of the reasons he invited the French president to be his guest for the first state visit of a foreign leader in his administration.

Macron will likely use part of his White House talks to try and persuade Trump not to pull out of the six-nation nuclear deal with Iran. Trump has constantly called it a bad agreement. He faces a May 12 deadline to again waive economic sanctions against Iran as part of the agreement.

Iran would regard the reimposition of sanctions as killing the deal and threatens to restart its nuclear program.

报道：川普提名杰克逊出任退伍军人事务部长面临获核准难关

美国总统川普提名担任退伍军人事务部长的人选可能难以得到参议院确认。

华盛顿邮报星期一晚上报道，参议院推迟了海军少将杰克逊出任退伍军人事务部长的听证会。共和党和民主党的高层人士都对杰克逊的资历表示担心。

杰克逊少将原定于星期三出席参议院退伍军人事务委员会的听证会。

美国有线电视新闻网（CNN）援引两个消息来源报道，参议院退伍军人事务委员会的成员被告知杰克逊在其职业生涯中不只一次受到行为不当的指称。

杰克逊目前是川普总统的专用医生。人们在审视他是否有能力领导一个像退伍军人事务部这样庞大的政府机构。退伍军人事务部是美国联邦政府中第二大部。

作为白宫的专用医生，杰克逊2017年少有地获得了相当大的知名度。他在电视上向全美国实况转播的记者会上回答白宫记者团的问题，详细谈到川普总统的身体检查。

川普是美国有史以来年纪最大的第一届总统，曾有人提出很多有关他的身体健康状况、体重和精神稳定的问题。但是杰克逊给川普总统的身体状况打了高分。他当时对记者说：“总统的全面健康状况极佳。”

川普总统提名杰克逊担任退伍军人事务部部长，接替奥巴马总统任命的舒尔金。

Reports: Jackson's Nomination to VA maybe in Jeopardy

Confirmation of U.S. President Donald Trump's pick to lead Veterans Affairs agency may be in jeopardy.

The Washington Post reported late Monday that Senate lawmakers have postponed the confirmation hearing for Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson after top Republicans and Democrats raised concerns about his qualifications.

Jackson was scheduled to testify before the Senate Committee for Veterans Affairs on Wednesday.

Two sources told CNN that committee members have been informed of allegations of improper conduct at more than one stage in Jackson's career.

Jackson, who currently serves as Trump's physician, is already facing scrutiny over his lack of experience managing an agency as large as the VA -- the U.S. government's second-largest agency.

Jackson gained a degree of fame unusual for White House physicians in 2017 when he took questions from the White House press corps on national television, discussing at length the president's physical exam.

Trump, the oldest first-term president in American history, was plagued at the time by questions about his physical health, weight and mental stability. But Jackson gave the president top rating. "The president's overall health is excellent," Jackson declared at the time.

Trump picked Jackson to replace David Shulkin, a holdover from the Obama era.