美国新任最高法院大法官承诺“独立和公正”

美国最高法院的最新成员卡瓦诺在参议院备受伤害的确认过程让美国社会痛苦分裂，卡瓦诺誓言要以尊重和开放的心态听取每一个案件。

卡瓦诺在周二正式上任大法官前在白宫东厅参加了就职仪式，他说：“每个美国人都可以放心，我将成为一个独立和公正的大法官。”

最高法院的其他八名大法官，以及在卡瓦诺确认过程至关重要的一些共和党参议员和特朗普总统周一见证了退休大法官安东尼-肯尼迪主持的卡瓦诺的司法宣誓。

卡瓦诺说，“参议院的确认过程充满了争议和激动的情绪，现在这些都结束了。”

他补充说，最高法院“不是一个党派或政治机构”，并承诺他将在“一个9人团队永远是一名团队成员”。

卡瓦诺还宣布，他的所有四名法律助理都将是女性，“这是最高法院有史以来的第一次”。

稍早时，特朗普总统暗示了民主党人对他提名这位联邦巡回法院法官做出激烈反对。卡瓦诺被控在青少年时性行为不端。

现在在加利福尼亚州一所大学担任教授的克里斯蒂娜·布拉西·福特对卡瓦诺的指控几乎断送卡瓦诺的提名确认。卡瓦诺否认了这一指控。

特朗普说：“我代表我们的国家，向布雷特和卡瓦诺一家所遭受的可怕痛苦和遭遇道歉。”他说， “你，先生，在历史性的审查下，被证明是无辜的。”

卡瓦诺在星期六参议院以50-48的投票结果确认他的提名之后正式宣誓就任，成为美国最高法院的终身大法官。

New US Supreme Court Justice Pledges to Be 'Independent and Impartial'

The newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh, after a bruising confirmation process in the Senate that bitterly divided the nation, is vowing to hear every case with respect and an open mind.

"Every American can be assured that I will be an independent and impartial justice," Kavanaugh said in the White House East Room after a ceremonial swearing-in ahead of his first day on the bench Tuesday.

The other eight members of the highest court, a number of Republican senators crucial to the confirmation process and President Donald Trump watched Monday as retired Justice Anthony Kennedy administered the judicial oath to Kavanaugh.

"The Senate confirmation process was contentious and emotional. That is now over," declared Kavanaugh.

Kavanaugh added that the Supreme Court "is not a partisan or political institution," promising to "always be a team player on a team of nine."

Kavanaugh also announced that all four of his law clerks will be women — "a first in the history of the Supreme Court."

Minutes earlier, Trump alluded to the fierce Democratic Party opposition to the federal circuit court judge he had nominated to the bench who was accused of sexual misconduct in his youth.

The allegation by Christine Blasey Ford, now a university professor in California, nearly derailed Kavanaugh's confirmation. Kavanaugh denied the accusation.

"On behalf of our nation, I want to apologize to Brett and the entire Kavanaugh family for the terrible pain and suffering you have been forced to endure," Trump said. "You, sir, under historic scrutiny, were proven innocent."

Kavanaugh was officially sworn in Saturday, just after the Senate narrowly confirmed him by a vote of 50-48, to the lifetime seat on the country's highest court.

国际货币基金组织下调全球经济增长预期

国际货币基金组织下调对全球经济增长的预期，原因是利率上升和贸易紧张局势加剧。

国际货币基金组织周一表示，全球经济今年将增长3.7％，与2017年相同，但低于7月份提出的3.9％的预测。该组织还下调了对欧元区的19个国家以及中欧和东欧、拉丁美洲、中东和撒哈拉以南非洲的经济前景。

此报告公布之际，国际货币基金组织及其姊妹贷款组织世界银行将于于10月12日至14日在印度尼西亚巴厘岛举行会议。

国际货币基金组织预计美国经济今年将增长2.9％，是自2005年以来的最快速度，与7月的预测相同。但明年美国经济增长将放缓至2.5％，原因是近期减税的影响正在消退，特朗普政府与中国的贸易战也会造成损失。

由于美国经济在大衰退结束后9年多来越来越强劲，美联储今年已经三次提高短期借贷利率。

国际货币基金组织将今年中国经济增长预期维持在6.6％不变，不过指出由于美国对中国进口产品加征关税产生的影响，预计明年将削减至6.2％，这将是中国自1990年以来增长最缓慢的一年。

美中这两个全球最大经济体正因北京挑战美国技术优势而采取的侵略性行为而争斗。华盛顿指责中国采用掠夺性策略，包括直接进行网络盗窃，迫使外国公司交出商业机密以换取进入中国市场的机会。

国际货币基金组织对整个全球贸易的前景也看淡：该基金预计今年全球贸易增长4.2％，低于2017年的5.2％和7月预期的4.8％。

IMF Downgrades Outlook for World Economy to 3.7 Percent Growth

The International Monetary Fund is downgrading its outlook for the world economy, citing rising interest rates and growing tensions over trade.

The IMF said Monday that the global economy will grow 3.7 percent this year, the same as in 2017 but down from the 3.9 percent it was forecasting for 2018 in July. It slashed its outlook for the 19 countries that use the euro currency and for Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and Sub-Saharan Africa.

The report comes on the eve of the Oct. 12-14 meetings in Bali, Indonesia, of the IMF and its sister lending organization, the World Bank.

The IMF expects the U.S. economy to grow 2.9 percent this year, the fastest pace since 2005 and unchanged from the July forecast. But it predicts that U.S. growth will slow to 2.5 percent next year as the effect of recent tax cuts wears off and as President Donald Trump's trade war with China takes a toll.

The Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, has raised short-term U.S. rates three times this year as the American economy gains strength more than nine years after the end of the Great Recession.

The fund kept its forecast for growth in the Chinese economy unchanged at 6.6 percent this year. Citing the impact of U.S. taxes on Chinese imports, however, the IMF shaved the outlook for China next year to 6.2 percent, which would be the country's slowest growth since 1990.

The United States and China — the world's two biggest economies — are sparring over Beijing's aggressive effort to challenge American technological dominance. Washington charges that China uses predatory tactics, including outright cybertheft and forcing foreign companies to hand of trade secrets in exchange for access to the Chinese market.

The outlook for world trade overall also darkened: The fund expects global trade to grow 4.2 percent this year, down from 5.2 percent in 2017 and from the 4.8 percent it expected in July.