特朗普总统访问受飓风重创的北卡罗来纳州

美国总统特朗普星期三抵达北卡罗来纳州，视察佛罗伦萨飓风带来的破坏以及正在进行的具有挑战性的救援工作。

特朗普抵达北卡罗来纳州切里角的海军陆战队空军基地后不久表示：“为这一切所做的计划工作令人难以置信。”

特朗普对受灾者表示，“我们一直和你们在一起。”

飓风佛罗伦萨已造成至少35人丧生，给北卡罗来纳州的整座城镇留下难闻的浊水。

全州各地官员警告民众，本周预计还会有更多的洪水。

北卡罗来纳州州长库珀表示，星期二有16条河流处于进入洪水泛滥阶段，预计还有三条河流的水位将于星期四达到峰值。

库珀对特朗普总统表示，“我们在恢复工作中需要你的帮助”，总统回应说，“我们会做好百分之百的准备。”

特朗普总统对那些被迫逃离洪水、现在依靠政府分发的瓶装水和定量分配的速食品的民众表示同情。特朗普表示，已经向北卡罗来纳州提供了160万份食品，也为南卡罗来纳州的灾民准备好了另外40 万份。

Trump Visits Hurricane-Damaged North Carolina

President Donald Trump arrived Wednesday in North Carolina to see the destruction Hurricane Florence left behind and the challenging relief efforts that are underway.

"The planning that went into this is beyond belief," Trump said shortly after arriving at the Marine Corps Air Station in Cherry Point, North Carolina."

Trump told the victims "we're with you all the way."

Florence has killed at least 35 people and left entire towns in North Carolina flooded with muddy, fetid water.

Officials across the state are cautioning residents that more floods are expected this week.

North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper said 16 rivers were at major flood stage Tuesday with three more expected to peak by Thursday.

"Our people took a gut punch," Cooper said after the president's arrival. "We've never seen one like this ... a storm like no other."

Cooper told the president, "We're going to need your help" in the recovery efforts, to which Trump responded, "we will be there 100-percent."

He sympathized with those who were forced to flee and are now relying on government-distributed bottled water and ready-to-eat field rations. Trump said 1.6 million meals have been provided in North Carolina and another 400,000 are ready for victims in South Carolina

日本时装界巨头将成为SpaceX第一位私人太空乘客

由伊隆·马斯克创建的太空探索技术公司官周一晚间公布了其首位私家乘客，即日本在线服装零售商Zoho的创始人及首席执行官前泽友作。

这一消息是星期一晚间在SpaceX公司位于加利福尼亚州洛杉矶郊区霍桑市的总部和工厂举行的一次活动中宣布的。

前泽友作将于2023年计划乘坐SpaceX未来将推出的大猎鹰火箭太空船进行一次环绕月球的旅行。这位现年42岁的亿万富翁还表示，将邀请6到8位艺术家与他一起进行这次月球之旅。

这次太空旅行的付费金额没有公开，但马斯克表示，前泽友作已经支付了大笔预定金，这对开发太空船的成本带来实际帮助。

SpaceX已经以其成本较低且可重复使用的猎鹰 9号火箭颠覆了航天工业。 该公司已经成功发射了50多次猎鹰火箭，并获得了包括与美国国家航空航天局和美国国防部的数十亿美元的合同。

SpaceX's First Private Passenger is Japanese Fashion Magnate Maezawa

SpaceX, Elon Musk's space transportation company, on Monday named its first private passenger as Japanese businessman Yusaku Maezawa, the founder and chief executive of online fashion retailer Zozo.

Maezawa's identity was revealed at an event on Monday evening at the company's headquarters and rocket factory in the Los Angeles suburb of Hawthorne.

Maezawa will take a trip around the moon planned for 2023 aboard SpaceX's forthcoming Big Falcon Rocket spaceship. The 42-year-old billionaire said he would invite six to eight artists to join him on the lunar orbit mission.

The amount he is paying for the trip was not disclosed, however, Musk said the businessman outlaid a significant deposit and will have a material impact on the cost of developing the BFR.

SpaceX has already upended the space industry with its relatively low-cost reusable Falcon 9 rockets. The company has completed more than 50 successful Falcon launches and snagged billions of dollars' worth of contracts, including deals with NASA and the U.S. Department of Defense.