日本首相促朝鲜在放弃核武上言出必行

日本首相安倍晋三敦促朝鲜采取“具体行动”，言出必行。朝鲜此前承诺要放弃它的核武计划。

安倍星期二会见韩国国家情报院长徐薰时做出上述表示。徐薰和首尔的国家安全办公室负责人郑义溶率领的韩国代表团上星期访问朝鲜，跟朝鲜最高领导人金正恩会谈。

安倍晋三首相还明确表示，他希望解决朝鲜在1970年代和80年代绑架多名日本公民让他们培训朝鲜间谍的事件。

韩国总统文在寅和美国总统川普同意分别跟金正恩举行峰会，讨论终止朝鲜政权的核武器计划。此前，金正恩承诺要暂停导弹试射。文在寅四月将跟金正恩会面，川普总统将于五月底之前跟金正恩会面。

Japanese PM Urges North Korea to Commit to Denuclearization

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is calling on North Korea to match its recent rhetoric about giving up its nuclear weapons program with "concrete actions."

Abe made the call Tuesday during a meeting in Tokyo with Suh Hoon, the head of South Korea's National Intelligence Service. Suh Hoon and Chung Eui-yong, the head of Seoul's National Security Office, led a delegation from South Korea to the North last week for talks with leader Kim Jong Un.

The Japanese prime minister also made clear that he wants to resolve the issue of North Korea's abduction of several Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 80s to train North Korea spies.

South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump have agreed to hold separate bilateral summits with Kim Jong Un to discuss ending his regime's nuclear weapons program, after he pledged to suspend the North's missile testing program. President Moon will meet with Kim in April, while President Trump will meet with the North Korean leader by the end of May.

美国国防部长马蒂斯突访喀布尔

美国国防部长吉姆·马蒂斯说，跟得到美国支持的阿富汗政府军作战的塔利班部队中的小派系表示有兴趣谈判以结束16年的战争。

马蒂斯星期二做出上述表示。之前，马蒂斯突然访问喀布尔，与阿富汗总统加尼讨论关于跟塔利班开始和谈的计划。这位前海军陆战队将军表示，现在就预计伊斯兰反叛武装会“马上”坐下来谈判可能“有些不切实际”。

塔利班以前曾提出为可能达成的和平协议举行谈判，但是只跟美国直接谈，这个提议被马蒂斯拒绝。马蒂斯对记者说，我们想让阿富汗方面主导谈判并提供和解努力所需的内容。

马蒂斯说，阿富汗的最终胜利是喀布尔和塔利班之间的“政治和解”，证明这个国家有能力处理自己的安全问题。

US Defense Chief Arrives in Afghanistan on Surprise Visit

U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says small factions of Taliban forces fighting the U.S.-backed Afghan government forces have expressed an interest in negotiating an end to the 16-year war.

Mattis made the suggestion Tuesday before arriving in Kabul on an unannounced visit to discuss President Ashraf Ghani's plan to open peace talks with the Taliban. The former Marine general said it "may be a bridge too far" to expect the Islamic insurgent force to sit down at the negotiating table "in one fell swoop."

The Taliban has previously offered to hold talks on a possible peace agreement, but only directly with the United States, which Mattis rejects. "We want the Afghans to lead and provide the substance to the reconciliation effort," he told reporters.

Mattis said the ultimate victory in Afghanistan will be a "political reconciliation" between Kabul and the Taliban, with a country capable of handling its own security.