穆斯林组织向当地居民分发宰牲节用肉

生活在美国的穆斯林与非穆斯林正一起分享古尔邦节（又称宰牲节）的快乐，特别是当穆斯林将宰牲节用肉与穷人和需要者分享时。

美国之音记者最近来到马里兰州银泉镇的一个居民区，当地的一个穆斯林组织向社区分发了2700多公斤的肉。

在马里兰州银泉镇的这个住宅小区内，大多数排队的人都来自拉丁美洲。尽管他们不是穆斯林，但今天对他们来说是一个特殊的日子。和往年一样，蒙哥马利郡穆斯林联合会的代表们也向他们分发宰牲节用肉。

居民艾丽西亚说：“我知道他们的工作和组织。他们极大地帮助了拉丁社区。他们充满爱心并且有礼貌。”

居民布莱恩·查韦斯说：“我们很感激他们每年都来，他们不仅给我们肉吃，还给我们其他东西。”

老年人社区是下一站，他们在那里也受到欢迎。

阿卜杜勒·哈伊·谢赫多年来一直担任志愿者。他说，穆斯林社区的这些倡议对把美国不同宗教的人聚集在一起很重要。

他说：“帮助这里的社区，给弱势群体一些东西。这样做的话，我们可以在当地社区和穆斯林社区间建立更好的联系。会有更好的理解。”

今年，穆斯林联合会从穆斯林社区筹集了两万一千美元，用于宰牲节用肉，并在八个不同的地方分发。

Local Muslim Organization Distributes Eid Holiday Meat To Local Residents

Muslims living in United States are sharing the happiness and joy of the Eid celebration with non-Muslims, especially when Muslims sacrifice an animal and share the meat with the poor and needy.

VOA’s Vardha Khalil recently visited a residential area in Silver Spring, Maryland where a local Muslim organization distributed more than 2700 kilos of meat to the community.

Most people standing in line at this residential complex in Silver Spring, Maryland, are from Latin America. And even though they are not Muslims,

today is a special day for them. As in previous years, representatives from the Montgomery County Muslim Federation are including them in their Eid festivities by distributing the meat of sacrificed animals.

Resident Alicia said: "I know their work and their organization. They help the Latin community greatly. They are loving and respectful."

Resident Brian Chavez said: "We are grateful because they come every year and they don’t just give us meat but also other things."

A senior citizen community is the next stop, where the gesture is also appreciated.

Abdul Hai Sheikh has been a volunteer for years. He says such initiatives from the Muslim community are important to bring people from different religions in the United States together. He said: "Help the community here and give something to the underprivileged. And doing so, we can create a better bond between the local community and the Muslim community. There is better understanding."

This year, the Muslim Federation collected twenty-one thousand dollars from the Muslim community to sacrifice animals for Eid and distribute meat in eight different locations.

澳大利亚或禁止曾泄露大量机密的前美国军人曼宁入境

曾经把机密信息透露给维基揭秘的前美国军人切尔西·曼宁可能会被澳大利亚禁止入境。

安排曼宁前来澳大利亚做演讲的哈米尔说，她已接到通知，澳大利亚政府考虑取消曼宁的签证。

根据澳大利亚法律，任何不能通过品行测试的非公民都可以被拒绝入境。

曼宁在担任美军情报分析员的时候，把70万份文件、战场视频和外交电文交给维基揭秘，并因此被判处35年徒刑。

曼宁定于在澳大利亚3所城市发表演讲，然后前往新西兰演讲。不过，新西兰的中间偏右反对党国家党已经要求政府不让曼宁入境。

Australia Considers Banning US Whistleblower Chelsea Manning

Chelsea Manning, the former U.S. soldier who transferred classified information to WikiLeaks, may be banned from entering Australia for an upcoming speaking tour.

Suzi Jamil, the organizer of Manning's tour, says she has received a notice from the government that it is considering cancelling her visa.

Under Australian law, all non-citizens can be barred from entering the country if they fail to meet the criteria to pass a character test.

Manning, a former U.S. Army intelligence analyst, was sentenced to 35 years in prison in 2013 for releasing more than 700,000 secret military documents, battlefield videos and diplomatic cables to the anti-secrecy website.

Manning is scheduled to speak in three Australian cities before traveling to New Zealand for speaking engagements, but that country's center -right opposition National Party is demanding she be denied entry as well.