川普挑选的驻新加坡大使人选放弃提名

由于对美国总统川普提名的美国驻新加坡大使人选凯瑟琳·麦克法兰的参议院审批过程受阻，她已经放弃了对自己的提名。

川普表示，他对麦克法兰不能成为他的驻新加坡大使感到“失望”，并指责民主党人阻挠对她的任命。

川普总统在一份声明中说，“不幸的是，一些民主党人选择玩弄政治而不是推动对一个非常重要的职位的一位合格人选的任命”。

对麦克法兰的提名面临着来自民主党人以及一些共和党人的反对，原因在于他们指责她在涉俄调查中欺骗参议院。

麦克法兰曾经是川普第一任国家安全顾问弗林在位时的副手。她在参议院作证时表示，她不知道弗林和俄罗斯官员之间有过交谈一事。

但是法院文后来显示，弗林曾经就他在2016年总统大选后过渡期间与俄罗斯特使的接触给麦克法兰发过电邮。

弗林已经就自己和俄罗斯方面的接触向联邦调查局撒谎一事认罪。

Trump’s Pick to Be Ambassador to Singapore Withdraws Nomination

U.S. President Donald Trump's pick to be ambassador to Singapore has withdrawn her nomination, after confirmation proceedings for her stalled in the Senate.

Trump said he was "disappointed" that K.T. McFarland would not be his ambassador to Singapore and blamed Democrats for impeding her nomination.

"Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post," he said in a statement.
McFarland's nomination faced opposition from Democrats and some Republicans over accusations she deceived the Senate in relation to the Russia investigation.

McFarland had served as deputy to Trump's former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and testified to the Senate that she was not aware of conversations that Flynn had with Russian officials.

However, court documents later revealed that Flynn had emailed McFarland about his contacts with the Russian envoy during the 2016 presidential transition.

Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation about his contacts with Russia.

川普同意公布情报备忘录全文

美国总统川普已经同意公布一份由一名共和党人起草的备忘录，其内容质疑最高执法官员在2016年总统竞选活动期间和之后为了党派利益，滥用调查职权。众议院星期五在得到总统批准后不久公布了这份备忘录。

一位白宫官员对美国之音确认，众议院情报委员会已经收到信息，得知总统不反对将这份备忘录做解密处理。备忘录的作者是该委员会主席、共和党众议员德文·努涅斯。

川普星期五在白宫对记者们说，他在备忘录中读到的内容“非常糟糕”。川普在与“脱北者”合影时说：“我认为这个国家正在发生的事令人羞耻……许多人应该为自己感到羞愧，甚至这还远远不够。”

尽管司法部和联邦调查局（FBI）的最高层官员强烈反对，总统仍授权公布了这份文件。

当被记者问及公布这份备忘录是否可能导致司法部副部长罗森斯坦更有可能被解职时，川普回应说：“你自己找答案。”

备忘录的公布令目前剑拔弩张的局面更加紧张。一面是川普和他在国会的共和党同盟，另一面是民主党和最高级FBI官员，双方争论焦点是总统竞选期间的“通俄门”调查是否受到政治偏见的影响。

众议院情报委员会的民主党成员已经准备好他们自己的备忘录，以回应共和党人的指称。

Trump Approves Full Release of Classified Republican Memo

U.S. President Donald Trump has approved publication of a Republican memo that argues that top law enforcement officials abused their investigative authority for partisan ends during and after the 2016 presidential campaign. The House released the memo to the public shortly after on Friday.

A White House official confirmed to VOA that a message had been sent to the House Intelligence Committee that the president has no objection to declassification of the memo, which was written by the committee's chairman, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes.

Speaking to reporters at the White House Friday, Trump said what he had read in the memo was "terrible." During a photo opportunity with North Korean defectors, Trump said, "I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country... A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves, and much worse than that."

The president authorized the release of the document despite the strong objections of top officials at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
When asked by a reporter whether release of the memo makes it more likely that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would be fired, Trump replied, "You figure that one out."

Release of the memo intensifies the battle between Trump and his Republican allies in Congress on one side, and Democrats and top FBI officials on the other about whether the probe into Russian interference in the presidential election was affected by political bias on the part of investigators.

Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee have prepared their own memo, countering the Republican claims.