美朝高级官员会面被推迟

美国国务卿蓬佩奥原定与朝鲜高级官员在纽约的会谈被推迟。

美国国务院周三一早发表声明说，“会谈将稍后举行，在我们各自的日程允许时”。声明没有给出会谈推迟的原因。

蓬佩奥原定与朝鲜领导人金正恩的高级顾问金英哲于星期四在纽约会面。国务院在早些时候宣布这一计划的时候表示，两人将讨论“在新加坡峰会的联合声明中提出的四项基本原则上取得进展，包括实现最终的、可全面核实的去核化。”

美国总统特朗普与金正恩在今年6月历史性的峰会上签署一项协议，以消除朝鲜半岛核武器，不过双方在平壤努力去除其核武项目的进展上有意见分歧。

朝鲜上周警告说，如果美国不放松针对其政权实施的经济制裁，将考虑重启其核武项目。朝鲜同时也在与美国和韩国谋求签署和平条约，正式结束1950年到1953年的韩战。那次战争使得共产主义朝鲜与民主的韩国分道扬镳。

Meeting Between Top US Diplomat, N. Korean Official Postponed

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's planned meeting with a senior North Korean official Thursday in New York City has been postponed.

The State Department issued a statement early Wednesday morning saying the meeting "will now take place at a later date. We will reconvene when our respective schedules permit.” The statement did not give a reason why the meeting was called off.

Pompeo was slated to hold talks with Kim Yong Chol, a senior advisor to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. In announcing the meeting earlier this week, the State Department said the two men would discuss "making progress on all four pillars of the Singapore Summit joint statement, including achieving the final, fully verified denuclearization" of North Korea.

Kim and U.S. President Donald Trump signed an agreement at their landmark summit in June to rid the Korean peninsula of nuclear weapons, but the two sides have been at odds over the pace of Pyongyang's efforts to end its nuclear weapons program.

North Korea warned last week that it will consider reviving its nuclear weapons program if the United States fails to lift its crippling economic sanctions against the regime. It is also seeking a peace treaty with the United States and South Korea that will formally end the 1950-53 Korean War that split the communist North from the democratic South.

联合国专家敦促孟加拉国停止罗兴亚人遣返计划

星期二，联合国缅甸问题专家敦促孟加拉国“搁置”本月开始将罗兴亚难民遣返的计划，以避免他们受迫害。

近75万缅甸罗兴亚人于2017年8月逃离缅甸若开邦，之前他们受到军事镇压。随着难民和记者不断揭露大量发生的杀戮、强奸和焚烧村庄，罗兴亚人在邻国孟加拉国拥挤的难民营安身。

缅孟两国于10月30日同意在11月中旬前开始将罗兴亚难民送回若开邦，但联合国缅甸人权问题特别报告员李亮喜说，现在不是让他们返回缅甸的时候。

李亮喜在一份声明中说:“缅甸政府未能保证他们不会再次遭受同样的迫害和可怕的暴力。”他还说，必须首先解决危机的根源，包括（罗兴亚人的）公民权。

在这之前，脸书星期一承认在针对罗兴亚人的种族屠杀中起了作用。

联合国调查人员指责社交网络巨头脸书去年8月未能迅速有效地解决有人利用脸书在缅甸佛教徒中散布对少数穆斯林罗兴亚人的仇恨的问题，从而“助长了犯罪暴行”。

脸书产品政策经理亚历克斯·沃洛夫卡在公司的网站上写道，周二公布的报告得出的结论是，脸书没有采取足够措施阻止平台被用于挑唆分裂和煽动线下暴力。

该报告建议脸书制定严格执行的人权政策，同时打击仇恨言论，努力提高数字知识和网上内容的准确性。

UN Myanmar Expert Urges Bangladesh to Halt Rohingya Repatriation Plan

A United Nations' expert on Myanmar urged Bangladesh on Tuesday to "shelve plans" to begin repatriating Rohingya refugees to Myanmar's Rakhine state this month to avoid persecution.

Nearly three-quarters of a million of Myanmar's Rohingya fled Rakhine state in August 2017 after a military crackdown. Amid refugee and journalist accounts of widespread killings and rape and the torching of villages, the Rohingya settled in crowded camps in neighboring Bangladesh.

The two countries agreed on Oct. 30 to begin returning Rohingya refugees to Rakhine state by mid-November, but U.N. rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar, Yanghee Lee, said the time is not right for their return.

"The Myanmar government has failed to provide guarantees they would not suffer the same persecution and horrific violence over again," Lee said in a statement. Lee added that the underlying causes of the crisis must first be addressed, including the right of citizenship.

Lee's warning followed a Facebook admission Monday that the social media network played a role in the genocide against the Rohingya people.

Last August, U.N. investigators accused Facebook of being "slow and ineffective" in tackling how it was being used to spread hatred among the country's Buddhist population against the minority Muslim Rohingya. In doing so, it "contributed to the commission of atrocity crimes," investigators said.

The report concludes Facebook was not doing enough to help prevent the platform from being used to foment division and incite offline violence, according to Product Policy Manager Alex Warofka, who wrote on the company's blog.

The report recommends Facebook create a rigorously enforced human-rights policy while clamping down on hate speech, as well as working to improve digital literacy, and the accuracy of the company's content in Myanmar.