英国新法：没收说不清楚的财富 打击全球腐败

英国本月开始实行新法律，政界人士、公众人物以及犯罪分子如被怀疑用脏钱购买房产，将必须解释财产来源，否则房产将被没收。

英国的不可解释财富令（Unexplained Wealth Orders）受到活动人士的欢迎。他们说，英国首都伦敦位于赃款全球网的中心。

反贪腐组织透明国际列出了他们认为英国当局可以根据新法律立即开始调查的5处房产，其中包括两套俯瞰泰晤士河的公寓，价值1500万美元。俄罗斯反腐活动人士和反对派人士纳瓦列尼称这两套公寓为俄罗斯第一副总理书瓦洛夫所拥有。书瓦洛夫自己公布的年薪为15万7000美元。

英国国家打击犯罪调查局说，每年有大约1000亿美元的脏钱流入伦敦，其中大部分是从国家预算盗取的公共资金。

活动人士说，在伦敦梅费尔区有一栋价值1800万美元的房屋，去年之前一直为叙利亚总统阿萨德的一个叔叔里法特·阿萨德所拥有。调查人员认为，里法特·阿萨德贪污了3亿多美元的国家资金。他在当局采取没收行动之前卖掉了房子，声称他的钱来自富有的阿拉伯支持者。

隐匿财产的人经常会利用离岸控股公司等复杂的网络来掩盖自己的身份。

Britain Targets Global Corruption with Law to Seize Unexplained Wealth

Politicians, public figures and criminals suspected of buying property with corrupt money will be forced to explain their wealth or face having their assets seized, under new legislation that has come into force in Britain this month.

The so-called Unexplained Wealth Orders (UWOs) have been welcomed by campaigners, who say the British capital is at the center of a global web of embezzled money.

The anti-corruption organization Transparency International has identified five properties they say British authorities could immediately begin investigating using Unexplained Wealth Orders. Among them are two apartments overlooking the River Thames that are worth about $15 million. The Russian anti-corruption campaigner and opposition politician Alexey Navalny alleges the apartments are owned by the First Deputy Prime Minister of Russia Igor Shuvalov, whose self-declared annual salary is $157,000.

Britain’s National Crime Agency says that in excess of $100 billion of corrupt money flows through London each year – much of it public money stolen from government budgets.

Campaigners cite the case of an $18 million house in London’s Mayfair district, which until last year was owned by Rifaat al-Assad, the uncle of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Investigators believe he embezzled more than $300 million of state funds. He sold the house before it could be seized by authorities – and claims his wealth comes from rich Arab backers.

Those looking to hide their wealth often use a complex network of offshore holding companies to conceal their identity.

彭斯重申对韩国的支持

美国副总统彭斯星期四与韩国总统文在寅会谈的时候说，美国将向朝鲜施加最大的压力，直到它放弃核武器计划。

彭斯副总统在首尔青瓦台与文在寅总统会见的时候向美国的长期盟友再次强调，为了实现朝鲜半岛无核化的目标，美国致力于在经济上和外交上孤立朝鲜。

彭斯星期五早些时候前往首尔以南70公里的平泽，到韩国海军第二舰队司令部所在地参观韩国天安号军舰纪念馆。天安号军舰被朝鲜的鱼雷击沉，舰上将近50人丧生。

彭斯还定于在平泽会见一些从朝鲜逃到韩国的人。

之后，他将率领美国代表团参加在韩国平昌举行的冬季奥林匹克运动会。

文在寅说，韩国把主办冬奥会视为改善与朝鲜外交关系的渠道。他称冬奥会为“和平奥运会”。

Pence Reaffirms US Commitment to South Korea

U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said in a meeting Thursday with South Korean President Moon Jae-in that Washington would "bring maximum pressure to bear on North Korea" until they abandon their nuclear weapons program.

Meeting with Moon at the Blue House in Seoul, Pence reaffirmed to longtime ally South Korea the U.S. commitment to economically and diplomatically isolate North Korea in order to achieve the goal of a denuclearized Korean Peninsula.

Early Friday, Pence traveled to the South Korean Navy's 2nd Fleet Command in Pyeongtaek, 70 kilometers south of Seoul, to visit a memorial for the South Korean warship Cheonan, which was torpedoed by the North. Nearly 50 sailors aboard the Cheonan were killed.

The vice president is also scheduled to meet with some North Korean defectors while in Pyeongtaek.

Later Friday, Pence will lead a U.S. delegation to the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.

Moon said South Korea is viewing hosting the Olympics as a way to improve diplomatic relations with North Korea. He has referred to the games as the "Olympic Games of peace."