韩国和朝鲜确定历史性双边峰会日期

朝鲜领导人金正恩和韩国总统文在寅将于4月27号举行双边峰会。

朝鲜和韩国的特使星期四在朝鲜半岛南北之间非军事区的板门店停战村会谈时确定了具有历史意义的南北峰会的日期。自从1905年到1953年的朝鲜战争以来，朝鲜半岛的南北一直分为两个对立的国家。

双方商定峰会日期的数天前，金正恩出人意料地访问了中国。这是金正恩在他父亲金正日去世后2011年掌权以来的第一次出国访问。中国说，金正恩在与中国国家主席习近平会谈时确认他将致力于朝鲜半岛去核化以及将与韩国和美国举行会谈。

朝鲜和韩国的特使将于4月4号星期三再次会谈，最后敲定金文峰会的细节。

North, South Korea Set Date for Historic Bilateral Summit

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in will hold a bilateral summit on April 27.

The date for the historic meeting was set Thursday during a meeting between envoys from both Koreas in the border truce village of Panmunjonm, located in the Demilitarized Zone that has separated the two rivals since the 1950-53 civil war.

The agreement on the inter-Korean summit was reached just days after Kim Jong Un made a surprise visit to China, his first international trip since taking power in 2011 after the death of his father, Kim Jong Il. China said Kim confirmed his commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula and engage in talks with South Korea and the United States during his talks with President Xi Jingping.

North and South Korean envoys will meet again next Wednesday, April 4, to finalize the details for the Kim-Moon summit.

川普总统更换退伍军人事务部部长

川普总统重组内阁的行动星期三继续进行，解除了退伍军人事务部部长舒尔金的职务。

川普总统在推特上说：“我很高兴的宣布，我打算提名广受尊敬的杰克逊海军少将担任退伍军人事务部部长。目前暂时由国防部的罗伯特·韦尔奇担任代理部长。我感谢舒尔金医生为我们国家以及我们伟大的退伍军人提供的服务！“

杰克逊目前是总统保健医生，并且最近对川普总统进行了身体检查。杰克逊2013年被奥巴马总统任命为总统保健医生，川普就任总统后继续留用。

舒尔金也是从奥巴马政府留用的官员。他在美国联邦政府中第二大部退伍军人事务部担任部长的时间大约一年，但是一直卷入与川普总统任命的政务官的权力争斗。那些高级官员一直希望把舒尔金排挤走。

舒尔金曾经保证，只要他担任部长，就不会把这个部门私营化，但是他会开拓机会，让退伍军人能享受私营部门的服务。白宫任命的政务官员希望进行更彻底的改革，让退伍军人享受该部门出资但是由私营部门提供的照顾和服务。

Trump Reshuffles Cabinet Ousting VA Chief Shulkin

President Donald Trump’s reshuffling of his Cabinet continued Wednesday with the ouster of Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin.

"I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs," the president tweeted. "In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!"

The now-former Veterans Affairs secretary will be replaced by Jackson, Trump’s current presidential physician who performed his most recent physical examination. Jackson was appointed to that position in 2013 by former President Barack Obama and was retained by Trump.

Shulkin, also a holdover from the Obama era, served as the head of the nation’s second-largest government agency for little more than a year. He had been locked for months in a power struggle with a group of Trump political appointees among his senior staff who wanted him out.

Shulkin had pledged the VA would not be privatized on his watch but would provide veterans expanded opportunities to get private-sector care. White House political appointees want a more comprehensive overhaul and to give veterans even more access to VA-funded care in the private sector.