美国两家大型连锁店规定购买枪支的最低年龄

佛罗里达高中枪击案发后，美国两大零售连锁店星期三调整了它们的枪支出售政策。

美国最大的零售商沃尔玛宣布，购置枪支和弹药的最低年龄为21岁。沃尔玛在声明中说：“我们做为负责的销售商，十分重视肩负的义务。”

沃尔玛还撤下了网站上看似攻击性武器的玩具等商品。沃尔玛从2015年就停止出售攻击性枪支，除了在阿拉斯加的零售店外，沃尔玛也不在其它地方出售手枪。

星期三早上时候，迪克体育用品公司宣布，不再向不满21岁的顾客出售任何枪支。该公司还敦促美国国会禁止攻击性武器，并提高购买武器弹药的法定最低年龄。

沃尔玛和迪克体育用品公司都表示，他们致力于继续为运动员、猎人和大多数枪支拥有者服务，因为这些人是遵纪守法的公民。

佛罗里达州帕克兰市的玛乔丽·斯通曼·道格拉斯高中2月14日发生的导致17名学生和教职工丧生的枪击案，让商界受到了很大影响，全国性支持加强枪支立法的民调结果让它们极为关注。

Walmart, Dick’s Sporting Goods Crack Down on Gun Sales

Two major U.S. retailers changed their gun sales policies Wednesday in the fallout over a Florida high school massacre.

Walmart, the country's biggest retailer, announced it is raising the age restriction for buying guns and ammunition to 21.

"We take seriously our obligation to be a responsible seller," it said in a statement.

Walmart is also dropping toys and other items that resemble assault-style weapons from its website. The retail giant stopped selling assault-style guns in 2015 and does not sell handguns except for its stores in Alaska.

Earlier Wednesday, Dick's Sporting Goods announced it would no longer sell assault-style rifles or any gun to anyone younger than 21.

The chain went one step further and urged Congress to ban assault-style weapons and raise the minimum age.

Both Walmart and Dick's say they are committed to serving sportsmen, hunters, and the majority of gun owners whom they call law-abiding citizens.

The mass shooting of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School has had an impact on the corporate world, which is seemingly taking a close look at nationwide polls that overwhelmingly favor tighter gun laws.

埃及加强媒体监督 新闻自由团体疾呼停止恐吓

埃及检察长沙戴克指令下属严密监控所有新闻和社交媒体，对“有损国家利益”的媒体采取行动。

沙戴克星期三发表声明说，发布这一指令的原因是最近发现，有“邪恶势力”企图借助各种媒体渠道和社交媒体，通过发布谎言和假新闻，削弱国家安全。

声明说，检察官们应该对那些散布“假新闻、声明或谣言”，在社会中制造“恐慌”，伤害公共利益或破坏和平的媒体机构采取法律行动。媒体监督机构也必须将媒体违规现象报告给检察机关。

沙戴克的最新指令是埃及政府在下个月总统大选前打压媒体的行动之一。在即将举行的选举中，现任总统塞西几乎没有竞选对手。

总部设在美国的新闻自由监督团体，保护记者委员会要求埃及“立即停止对独立新闻机构的恐吓行动，允许记者自由报道。”

沙戴克发表这一指令前，埃及政府刚刚要求英国广播公司撤回上周末的一条报道。在报道中，一位母亲说自己的女儿被国家强制失踪。她的女儿星期一在一家地方电视台上露面，否认了母亲的指称。

埃及负责监管外媒的机构要求英国广播公司撤回报道，否则就要受到政府抵制。

英国广播公司坚持报道内容。

Egypt's Top Prosecutor Monitoring Media Ahead of Elections

Egypt's top state prosecutor has ordered his staff to closely monitor all news and social media outlets and take action against any they deem to be "hurting national interests."

In a statement issued Wednesday, Egypt's Prosecutor-General Nabil Sadek said the order comes "in light of recently observed attempts by the 'forces of evil' to undermine the security and safety of the country through publishing lies and fake news through different media outlets and social media."

Prosecutors should take legal action against media outlets that disseminate "false news, statements or rumors" that could instill "terror" in society, hurt the public interest or disrupt peace. Media regulatory bodies must notify prosecutors of violations by media outlets," the statement said.

Sadek's directive is part of a larger government crackdown on the media ahead of scheduled presidential elections next month in which President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi is running virtually unopposed.

The U.S.-based journalism watchdog group, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), asked Egypt to "immediately cease their intimidation campaign against independent news outlets, and let journalists report freely."

The order comes as the government is demanding that the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) retract a story aired over the weekend that mentioned the case of a mother who claimed her daughter was the victim of state enforced disappearance. The young woman appeared Monday on a local TV station to refute her mother's claims.

Egypt’s State Information Service, which regulates foreign media in the country, has called on the BBC to retract its story or face a government boycott.

BBC is standing by its reporting.