哥伦比亚将成为拉美第一个北约全球伙伴

哥伦比亚总统桑托斯星期五宣布，哥伦比亚下星期将正式成为北约的第一个拉丁美洲的“全球伙伴”。

桑托斯总统在总统府电视和推特实况转播的讲话中说：“我们下星期在布鲁塞尔完成所有程序。哥伦比亚成为北约全球伙伴这件事十分重要。我们将是拉丁美洲唯一有此殊荣的国家。”

因为与“哥伦比亚革命武装力量”实现和平而获得2016年诺贝尔和平奖提名的桑托斯总统说，这将改善哥伦比亚在全世界的形象。

哥伦比亚政府与“哥伦比亚革命武装力量”签署和平协议之后，2017年5月与北约达成成为全球伙伴的协议。原“哥伦比亚革命武装力量”已转型为一个新的政党。

北约网站上发表的声明说，北约与哥伦比亚的合作包括网络安全、海上安全、反恐以及打击有组织犯罪，并对哥伦比亚军队进行能力建设。

除哥伦比亚外，目前北约的全球伙伴有阿富汗、澳大利亚、伊拉克、日本、韩国、蒙古、新西兰和巴基斯坦。

Colombia Becomes NATO’s First Latin American Global Partner

Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announced Friday that his country will formally become NATO's first Latin American "global partner," beginning next week.

In a televised address from the presidential Narino Palace and on Twitter, Santos said: “We will formalize in Brussels next week - and this is very important - the entry of Colombia into NATO in the category of global partner. We will be the only country in Latin America with this privilege."

Santos, the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize laureate, who made peace with FARC rebels, said the move would improve Colombia's image on the world stage.

Colombia and NATO reached a partnership deal in May 2017 following the conclusion of the peace accord with FARC, now a political party.

Areas of cooperation include cyber security, maritime security, terrorism and its links to organized crime, and building the capacities and capabilities of the Colombian armed forces, according to a statement posted on NATO’s website.

In addition to Colombia, NATO lists Afghanistan, Australia, Iraq, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Mongolia, New Zealand and Pakistan as "partners across the globe" or simply "global partners."

俄异议人士：抵制在俄举办足球世界杯是个“巨大的错误”

曾是俄罗斯石油大亨后来成为克里姆林宫批评者的霍多尔科夫斯基说，和他一样对俄罗斯政府持批评立场的人不应该抵制定于6月14号在俄罗斯开始的2018年足球世界杯比赛。霍多尔科夫斯基曾在监狱服刑10年，目前流亡在海外。

霍多尔科夫斯基说，俄罗斯在世界上咄咄逼人的行为以及在国内对人权的侵犯自然在俄罗斯社会内以及在西方国家导致人们对它看法的严重分歧。

霍多尔科夫斯基说：“有人想抵制，有人认为在足球世界杯举行期间应该对俄罗斯发生的一切都不关心。但是我认为，抵制足球世界杯将是一个严重错误，因为你要考虑到，前来俄罗斯的外国足球队以及世界各国的访客和粉丝。

不过他也补充说，如果西方国家领导人会见那个建立了完全独裁的政权并在他自己周围安放了一个犯罪集团的人，那也将是一个严重错误。

人权观察最近呼吁世界各国领导人抵制足球世界杯的开幕式，除非俄罗斯总统普京采取保护叙利亚平民的措施。

今年将第一次主办足球世界杯的俄罗斯是叙利亚总统阿萨德的关键支持者。叙利亚的内战已经进行了7年。人权观察说，绝不能对莫斯科对叙利亚平民遭受苦难应承担的责任熟视无睹。

Russian Dissident: Boycotting Russia World Cup a 'Big Mistake'

Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the former Russian oil tycoon-turned-Kremlin foe who spent a decade in prison and now lives in exile, says fellow Kremlin critics should not boycott the upcoming 2018 FIFA World Cup, slated to kick off June 14 in Russia.

Russian aggression abroad, along with domestic human rights violations, have "obviously caused a serious split, both inside Russian society and in the West," said Khodorkovsky.

"There are thoughts about boycotting it, and thoughts about just turning a blind eye to everything happening in Russia during the event. But I think that boycotting the championship would be a big mistake if you think about teams going to Russia, and people and fans visiting the country," he said.

On the other hand, Khodorkovsky added, "I do believe Western leaders would be making a mistake if they were to visit the man who has created a fully authoritarian regime and has surrounded himself with a criminal clique."

"This would be a mistake, because it would be seen as encouragement, and Putin should not be encouraged," he said. "Therefore, there should be a very clear stance: 'Yes, we are visiting the Russian society, but we are not visiting the Kremlin criminal clique.'"

Human Rights Watch recently called on world leaders to boycott the tournament's opening ceremony unless Russian President Vladimir Putin takes steps to protect Syrian civilians.

Russia, which hosts the World Cup for the first time this year, is a key backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the country's seven-year war, and the New York-based watchdog argued that Moscow's responsibility in the suffering of Syrian civilians should not be overlooked.