马其顿机场改名望解决与希腊“名称之争”

马其顿总理佐兰·扎埃夫（Zoran Zaev）星期三针对解决与邻国希腊的“马其顿”名称争端采取重大行动。他说，马其顿首都斯科普里亚历山大大帝机场将改名。

亚历山大大帝是古希腊国王，曾统治过希腊北部一个也叫马其顿的地方。其它国家使用亚历山大大帝名称令很多希腊人不满。

马其顿自从1991年从南斯拉夫独立以来，一直与希腊在谁有权使用“马其顿”这个名称发生争执。

很多希腊人说，允许邻国使用马其顿这个名称是对希腊历史的亵渎，并暗含对希腊领土的叵测之心。

由于名称之争，在希腊的反对下，马其顿一直不能加入欧盟和北约。

联合国20多年来一直努力通过谈判解决这两个国家的纠纷。负责谈判的联合国官员尼梅茨上星期说，很有希望近期看到问题得到解决。

在联合国，马其顿的正式国名是“前南斯拉夫马其顿共和国”。

Macedonia to Change Name of Airport to Help Settle Name Dispute with Greece

Macedonia Prime Minister Zoran Zaev took a big step Wednesday in resolving the long dispute with neighboring Greece over the name Macedonia. Zaev said his country is changing the name of the capital's Skopje Alexander the Great Airport.

Alexander the Great was the ancient Greek king who ruled the northern Greek territory also named Macedonia. Another country using his name is a major irritant for many Greeks.

Greece and Macedonia have been feuding over who gets to use the name since Macedonia became independent from Yugoslavia in 1991.

Many Greeks say allowing the neighboring country to use the name insults Greek history and implies a claim on Greek territory.

Greece has blocked Macedonian efforts to join the European Union and NATO because of the name dispute.

The United Nations has been struggling to negotiate a settlement for more than 20 years. Lead negotiator Matthew Nimetz said last week he is "very hopeful" a settlement is near.

The country of Macedonia is officially known at the U.N. as the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.

美国务院：阿富汗酒店袭击中有4名美国人丧生

美国国务院证实，上周末在阿富汗首都喀布尔洲际酒店发生的袭击事件中，有四名美国人丧生，另外还有两个美国人受伤。

国务院发言人诺尔特星期三发表声明宣布了这一消息，但没有透露美国遇难者的身份。

前川普竞选团队官员盖茨的发言人塞里格在多为外国人下榻的喀布尔洲际酒店遭受的炸弹袭击和围攻中丧生。盖茨在美国特别检察官调查俄罗斯是否干预美国大选时被起诉。

塞里格在佛罗里达州拥有的公关公司发表声明，说他在喀布尔为公司办理业务时，与其他至少21人死于这场为时14个小时的袭击事件。袭击星期六开始，持续到星期天。

身穿军装和自杀炸弹背心的枪手攻进了酒店厨房，然后进入会议厅和酒店的其它楼层，一路向酒店住客开枪射击。

阿富汗内政部的一份声明说，与阿富汗塔利班结盟的恐怖组织哈卡尼网络策划发动了这场暴力袭击。

State Dept.: 4 Americans Among Those Killed in Afghanistan Hotel Attack

The U.S. State Department has confirmed that four Americans were among those killed in an attack on the Intercontinental Hotel in the Afghan capital, Kabul, over the weekend. Two other U.S. citizens were injured.

State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert made the announcement in a statement on Wednesday, but she did not identify the victims.

A spokesman for Rick Gates, the former Trump campaign official indicted in the Russia investigation, was killed during the bombing and siege of the hotel, which catered to foreigners.

Glenn Selig was in Kabul on business related to his Florida public relations firm when he became one of at least 22 people killed during a 14-hour attack that began Saturday night and stretched into Sunday, his company reported in a statement.

The siege began when gunmen wearing army uniforms and suicide vests stormed the hotel kitchen. They then moved into conference halls and other floors of the building, while shooting at guests.

An Afghan Interior Ministry statement claimed the Taliban-allied Haqqani network of terrorists plotted the violence.