日本山体滑坡至少100人死亡

日本当局表示，西南部三天的大雨引发的泥石流至少导致100人丧生，超过65人依然失踪。救援人员继续在西部和中部地区受灾村庄的废墟里急切地寻找幸存者，并找到了更多的遇难者。

在历史性暴雨导致江河泛滥和泥石流之后，气象局罕见地发出了紧急警告。

首相安倍晋三说，7万3千名军人和急救人员正在参与救援行动。这场灾难迫使安倍取消了原本这个星期前往比利时、法国、沙特阿拉伯和埃及访问的计划。

官员们说，高知县三小时内的降雨量超过26.3厘米，是自从1976年开始收集有关资料以来降雨量最多的一次。

超过130万人被下令撤离自己的住宅，另外310万人被告知他们也可能不得不撤退。

电视画面显示广岛一条水位上涨的河流卷走了一座木桥，当局用直升机将灾民运送到安全地带。

三菱和马自达等大型企业的一些工厂被迫停业，因为洪水阻断了供应链，威胁到工人的人身安全。

美国地质勘查局说，星期六晚间，日本首都东京以南发生5.9级强震，导致东京的一些建筑物摇晃，但没有立即传出财产损失或人员受伤的报道。

Death Toll in Japan Landslides Climbs to at Least 100

Authorities in Japan now say at least 100 people have been killed in mudslides caused by three days of torrential rainfall in southwestern Japan. More than 65 others remain missing as rescue crews continue a desperate search for survivors -- and more victims -- through the rubble and debris in affected villages across western and central Japan.

The Meteorological Agency issued rare "emergency warnings" after "historic" rains across the region led to rising rivers and landslides.

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said 73,000 troops and emergency workers are taking part in the rescue effort. The disaster has forced Abe to cancelled plans to travel to Belgium, France, Saudi Arabia and Egypt later this week.

Officials said more than 26.3 centimeters of rain fell within three hours in Kochi prefecture, the most since such record-keeping began in 1976.

More than 1.3 million people have been orders to evacuate their homes. Another 3.1 million were put on high alert, being warned they may also have to evacuate.

Television footage showed a wooden bridge being swept away by a swollen river in Hiroshima and victims being airlifted into a helicopter from houses in a flooded area.

Manufacturing giants like Mitsubishi and Mazda were forced to halt operations in some plants, as the flood disrupted supply chains and risked workers' safety.

Saturday evening, a powerful earthquake struck south of the Japanese capital of Tokyo, the U.S. Geological Survey said. The 5.9-magnitude temblor caused some buildings in the city to shake, but there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries.

美国太空公司研制“小号潜艇”协助营救被困在岩洞里的泰国人

美国太空技术探索公司正在测试一艘“小号潜艇”，可能有助于泰国当局营救依然困在一个被洪水淹没出口的岩洞里的八名男孩和他们的足球教练。

公司拥有者埃隆·马斯克星期天将工作人员在美国加州一所高中的游泳池测试这艘铝制水下密封舱的视频上传到网上。

马斯克的公司已经向泰国营救行动派遣了四名工程师。公司一名发言人说，泰国官员们向马斯克提出了研制“小号潜艇”的要求。

如果试验成功，这艘“小号潜艇”将会由一个17小时的航班空运到泰国。

Space X "kid-sized submarine" in the rescue operation in Thailand

Space X rocket company is testing a "kid-sized submarine" that could help in the rescue operation of eight boys and their soccer coach still trapped in the flooded cave in northern Thailand.

On Sunday, the owner of Space X, Elon Musk, posted videos of the aluminum capsule being tested at a swimming pool of Palisades Charter High School, in Los Angeles, California.

A spokesman for Musk's Boring Company, which has sent four engineers at the cave, said that Thai officials requested the device.

The submarine would be placed on a 17-hour flight to Thailand, if the tests are reported to be successful.