川普担心特别检察官在会面中会指控他做伪证

美国总统川普说，他担心自己向特别检察官穆勒说的任何话都可能被用来控告他做伪证。

穆勒正在调查有关川普2016年总统竞选团队串通俄罗斯并干预总统大选的指控。他也在调查川普是否试图扰乱这项调查、妨碍司法。

川普星期一（2018年8月20日）在接受路透社专访的时候拒绝说他是否会答应与穆勒会面，是否会剥夺他的机密工作许可证。川普还说，自己有权介入并实施这项特别调查。

星期一早些时候，川普称穆勒的调查是一项国家耻辱，说穆勒是一个喜欢找麻烦的人。

穆勒团队的调查人员发现了川普竞选团队与俄罗斯有过几次接触，包括川普大儿子小唐纳德·川普在2016年年中在川普大厦与一位同克里姆林宫有关的律师会面。这位律师声称能够提供川普的民主党竞选对手希拉里·克林顿的有罪资料。那次会面未能提供对希拉里不利的信息。

有关会面的消息在川普就任总统后浮出水面。川普就相关会面发表了一份误导性的声明，声称那次会面涉及收养俄罗斯儿童。川普后来说那是一次例行的政治性会面，还说他事先并不知情。

Trump Fears Mueller May Use Interview to Charge Him with Perjury

President Donald Trump says he fears any statements he would give to special counsel Robert Mueller could be used to charge him with perjury.

Mueller is investigating alleged collusion between Trump's 2016 campaign and Russian meddling in the presidential election. He is also looking into whether Trump obstructed justice by trying to derail the probe.

Trump declined to say whether he would agree to sit down with Mueller, or if he would strip Mueller of his security clearance. He also said he has the power to step in and run the special investigation himself.

Earlier Monday, Trump called the Mueller investigation "a national disgrace" and tweeting that Mueller "is just someone looking for trouble."

Mueller's investigators have uncovered several instances of Trump campaign contacts with Russia, including a 2016 meeting at Trump Tower in New York where Donald Trump Jr. met with a woman said to be a Russian government attorney who promised incriminating information on Trump's challenger, Democrat Hillary Clinton. No such anti-Clinton information came out of the meeting.

When news of the meeting surfaced after Trump became president, he dictated a misleading statement about the talks, claiming they were about adoption of Russian children.

He then said the meeting was a routine political meeting and he did not know about it in advance.

萨尔瓦多宣布与台湾断交

中美洲国家萨尔瓦多宣布与台湾断绝外交关系，同时与中国建交。事件对台湾带来进一步压力，其目的是想逼迫自治的台湾承认自己是中国大陆的一部分。

萨尔瓦多外长卡洛斯•卡斯塔内达（Carlos Castaneda）在8月21日星期二解释了该国转变邦交国的原因。他说：“萨尔瓦多有着悠久的斗争历史。今天，通过我们的决策，我们希望能够为所有萨尔瓦多人民带来利益，为每

个人带来希望，并为未来的挑战做好更充分的准备。”

萨尔瓦多是继多米尼加共和国和西非国家布基纳法索之后，在今年第三个将外交关系从台湾转移到中国的国家。目前只剩下17个贫困的小国承认台湾是一个主权国家。

台湾外长吴钊燮说：“我们台湾将会继续往前走。中国这样的打压，只会让我们在民主、自由，以及主权这条道路上走得更坚定。谢谢大家。”

吴钊燮在发表声明时谴责中国的“金元外交”，指的是北京方面通过经济激励措施将台北与国际社会分隔开来。

El Salvador cut off relations with Taiwan

El Salvador has cut off formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, switching to Beijing, putting further pressure on the self-ruled island to admit that it is part of the Chinese mainland.

El Salvador's Foreign Minister (Carlos Castaneda) explained Tuesday why the switch was made. "El Salvador has a long history of struggle. Today, through our decision making, we hope that we can bring benefits to all our citizens, to bring hope to everyone and to be better prepared for future challenges."

El Salvador is the third nation to switch ties from Taiwan to China this year, following on the heels of the Dominican Republic and the West African nation of Burkina Faso, leaving just 17 small, poor countries to recognize Taiwan as a sovereign nation.

Joseph Wu, Taiwan's Foreign Minister said: "We will keep walking ahead. Such pressure from China will only make us more determined to continue our path of democracy, freedom and sovereignty. Thank you."

Wu denounced China's "dollar diplomacy" during his announcement, referring to Beijing's efforts to isolate Taipei from the international community with the lure of economic incentives.