美法院阻止川普终止保护年轻移民的决定

一位美国联邦法官星期二裁定，川普行政当局必须暂时维持一个保护童年时非法进入美国的数十万人不受遣返的计划。

川普总统去年9月终止了“童年抵美者暂缓遣返”计划，给国会6个月的时间通过立法，解决该计划涉及的大约80万非法移民的问题。

加利福尼亚州西部地区联邦法院一位法官做出有利于因童年抵美者暂缓遣返计划要被终止而起诉联邦政府的原告。原告包括个人、团体以及包括加利福尼亚大学在内的机构。法官说，直到有关法律纠纷得到解决之前，这项计划必须继续实行。

维持“童年抵美者暂缓遣返”计划的法庭裁决在全美国有效。法院说，这个问题涉及到美国所有的州和领地。

法院裁决说，在川普总统去年9月宣布终止这项计划之前受到计划保护的人将继续受到不被遣返的同样保护，而且这些人有权申请续延。

但是联邦政府不必受理希望加入这项计划的新申请案，也仍然可以遣返任何已受计划保护但被认定对国家安全或公共安全构成威胁的人。

联邦法院做出裁决数小时前，川普总统对一些重要的国会议员表示，他会签署任何国会通过的有关这个问题的法案。

US Court Blocks Trump Decision to End Protection of Young Immigrants

A U.S. federal judge on Tuesday ordered the Trump administration to keep in place for now a program that protects from deportation hundreds of thousands of immigrants who entered the country illegally when they were children.

In September, President Donald Trump ended the program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals and gave congress six months to find a legislative fix for the roughly 800,000 immigrants.

A U.S. District Court judge in the western state of California ruled in favor of a group of individuals and institutions, including the University of California, who sued the government seeking to block the end of DACA. The judge said the program should remain active until the legal challenges are resolved.

The injunction keeping DACA alive applies nationally, with the court saying the issue touches every U.S. state and territory.

Tuesday's order specifies that the terms of the DACA program are to be maintained for anyone who was already covered by the program before Trump's September action, and that those people are allowed to renew their enrollments.

But the government does not have to process any new applications for people trying to enroll under DACA for the first time, and remains free to deport anyone it determines to be a national security or public safety risk.

The court order came hours after Trump told key lawmakers he would sign whatever DACA legislation they agree on.

马克龙提出对中国不公平贸易做法的关注

分析人士说，法国总统马克龙本星期对中国的第一次国事访问带来两个主要信息。

第一个信息是中国和欧洲合作可能带来巨大的机会，而他将承诺为之努力。另一个信息是不要低估欧洲以及世界其它国家对他们认为的中国不公平贸易做法日益增多的担心和失望，其中一个问题是中国在很多领域限制投资，而其它国家对这些领域的投资不限制。

欧洲外交关系委员会的亚洲和中国项目副主任杜查特尔说，马克龙的访问超出了法国的范畴。他说：“他希望是以欧盟领导人的身份，同时还想发出信息，欧洲和欧盟的状况好于中国一般所想象的。”

尽管英国退出欧盟，加泰罗尼亚人争取从西班牙独立，以及民粹主义政党的崛起，但是杜查特尔说，欧洲对中国的贸易做法发出了比以往更大的不满声音。

杜查特尔说，不仅是欧洲，美国和澳大利亚也持相同看法，中国现在面临“发达国家反对不公平贸易做法的联合阵线”。

在中国，马克龙总统极力强调欧洲与中国的一致利益，还向习近平主席赠送了一匹8岁的骟马，名叫维苏威。

马克龙保证在担任法国总统期间每年至少访问中国一次，还表示决心要把欧洲和中国的关系带入21世纪。

法国和中国在马克龙访问期间签署了食品、核能以及太空等领域的大笔贸易协议。

中国国家主席习近平说，两国将深化“战略合作”。

French President Macron Voiced Concern About China’s Unfair Trade Practices

During his first state visit to China this week, French President Emmanuel Macron brought with him two key messages, analysts said.

One message was about the huge possibilities cooperation between China and Europe could bring and his commitment to that effort. The other, a warning to not underestimate growing concern and frustration in Europe – and elsewhere – with what many regard as China’s unfair trade practices such as investment restrictions in many sectors that are not blocked in countries overseas.

Matheiu Duchatel, deputy director of the Asia and China Program at the European Council of Foreign Relations said President Macron’s visit goes beyond France. “He wants to present himself as a leader of the EU, but at the same time, I think he wants to send a signal that Europe and the EU are in better shape than many think in China,” Duchatel said.

Despite the Brexit referendum, Catalonia’s push for independence and the broader rise of populist parties, Duchatel said that now – more than before – governments in Europe are voicing concern about China’s trade practices.

And it is not just Europe, but the United States and Australia as well, he adds, noting that China now faces a “united front from developed countries against its unfair trade practices.”

In China, President Macron went to great lengths to highlight his desire to meld both the interests of Europe and China, presenting China’s leader Xi Jinping with a gift of a horse, an eight-year old gelding named Vesuvius.

Macron pledged to visit China at least once every year while in office and said that he is determined to “get the Europe-China relationship into the 21st Century.”

The two signed several major trade deals during the visit, that included fields such as food, nuclear power and aerospace.

President Xi said the two countries will deepen their “strategic cooperation.”