谷歌面临歧视保守派白人的诉讼案

在星期一提起的集体诉讼中，两名谷歌公司前雇员指控高科技巨头谷歌公司歧视保守的白人。

起诉谷歌的两人之一达莫尔去年被解雇。在那之前，他写信给公司，为硅谷科技工作职位中男多女少的现象辩护，说原因可能是男女生理的不同。

达莫尔和前谷歌工程师古德曼在加利福尼亚州的圣克拉拉高级法院提起了诉讼，指控谷歌公司歧视和打击报复。

两人在起诉中称，谷歌公司在招聘中非法分配定额，将一些工作留给女性和少数族裔的申请人。

起诉书还称，谷歌公司不保护持有保守派观点的雇员，包括支持川普总统的雇员。

谷歌公司说，将在法庭上进行辩护。

达莫尔去年8月写了一份公司内部信罕，后来被公开。他写道，可能可以用基因差异来解释为什么在领导层中没有看到平均的男女比例。

谷歌公司首席执行官皮查伊说，信函的部分内容违背谷歌的行为准则，在工作场所宣扬有害的性别刻板印象，越过底线。

达莫尔说，他写的公司内部信函，应仅限于公司内部。

Google Faces Lawsuit Accusing it of Discriminating Against Conservative White Men

Two former employees of Google have accused the tech giant of discriminating against conservative white men, in a class action lawsuit filed Monday.

One of the accusers, James Damore, was fired from the company last year after writing a memo defending the gender gap in Silicon Valley tech jobs as possibly a matter of biological differences between men and women.

Damore and David Gudeman, another former engineer at the Google, filed the suit at the Santa Clara Superior Court in California, alleging discrimination and retaliation.

The two argue in their suit that Google uses illegal hiring quotas to fill jobs with women and minority applicants.

The suit also accuses the company of not protecting employees with conservative viewpoints, including employees who support U.S. President Donald Trump.

Google said it looks forward to defending itself against the allegations in court.

Google fired Damore in August after he wrote an internal memo that was later made public in which he said that “genetic differences” may explain “why we don’t see equal representation of women in tech and leadership.”

Google chief Sundar Pichai said "portions of the memo violate our code of conduct and cross the line by advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace.

Damore said his memo was intended to remain internal.

美国将终止萨尔瓦多人临时庇护待遇

美国政府高级官员星期一宣布，美国政府将停止给在美国居住了将近20年的大约26万2500萨尔瓦多人的临时庇护待遇。

美国政府在2001年萨尔瓦多发生灾难性大地震之后所给的临时保护身份让在美国的这些萨尔瓦多人可以不被遣返，但这个临时身份将于2019年9月9号到期。

从那天开始，这些在美国合法生活和工作了将近20年的萨尔瓦多人将恢复他们在得到庇护之前的移民身份，但是他们当时的身份必须有效。他们还可以申请其它移民身份，例如探望家人或工作签证。

美国政府的这项决定会让一些萨尔多瓦人成为所谓的“无证移民”，马上面临被遣返的威胁。

美国政府的一名高级官员星期一上午对记者说，通过定期审议萨尔瓦多的状况，川普政府认定这个中美洲国家已经从灾害中得到相当恢复，可以让在美国的萨尔瓦多人返回祖国。

US to End Temporary Protection from Deportation for Salvadorans

The U.S. government will suspend a protection extended to some 262,500 citizens of El Salvador who have lived in the United States for nearly two decades, senior administration officials announced Monday.

Temporary Protected Status, which shielded these El Salvador nationals from deportation following devastating earthquakes in 2001, will end Sept. 9, 2019.

On that day, those who have lived and worked legally in the United States for nearly two decades will revert to the immigration status they had before they received TPS, if it is still valid. They also have the option to apply for other immigration benefits, like family- or work-based visas.

The decision will almost certainly leave some Salvadorans in an undocumented status, making them immediately vulnerable to deportation.

In a regularly-scheduled review of the conditions in El Salvador, the Trump administration determined that the Central American country had recuperated enough from those natural disasters for its nationals in the United States to return, a senior administration official told journalists in a conference call Monday morning.