朝鲜同意韩国记者参访核设施拆除

孤立于世的朝鲜政权在最后一刻批准8名韩国记者前来观察核试验设施的拆除。这些韩国记者已经启程前往朝鲜。

韩国记者原定于星期二与美国、英国、中国和俄罗斯的记者一道从北京乘飞机前往朝鲜的云山市。但是首尔说，这些韩国记者星期二没能上飞机，因为平壤拒绝让韩国记者前来。

韩国统一部说，韩国记者最后星期三获得了朝鲜的批准。朝鲜通过板门店停战村的跨边界联络渠道发来了批准的信息。这8名韩国记者乘坐直飞朝鲜云山的专机，然后从云山前往位于偏僻山区的丰溪里核试验场。

朝鲜在丰溪里进行了它所有的6次核试验。丰溪里核试验设施将根据天气情况，在星期三到星期五期间拆除。

North Korea Approves South Korean Journalists to Observe Nuclear Test Site Closing

Eight South Korean journalists are headed to North Korea after the reclusive regime gave a last-minute approval for the group to observe the dismantling of its nuclear test site.

The South Koreans were supposed to have joined a group of foreign journalists from the United States, Britain, China and Russia Tuesday on a flight from Beijing to the North Korean city of Wonsan Tuesday. But Seoul says the group did not make the flight after Pyongyang declined to accept them.

South Korea's Unification Ministry says the journalists were finally accepted by the North Wednesday through a message sent by a cross-border communication channel at the truce village of Panmunjon. The eight journalists are taking a special flight directly to Wonsan, and travel from there to the Punggye-ri test site in a remote mountainous region.

The Punggye-ri site, where North Korea has conducted all six of its nuclear tests, is scheduled to be dismantled between Wednesday and Friday, depending on weather conditions.

蓬佩奥：美国政府力争让被伊朗扣押的人质回国

美国国务卿蓬佩奥星期二誓言要让被伊朗扣押的美国人质回国。他说，整个美国政府都在为此尽心努力，动用“一切渠道”和“机制”。

蓬佩奥在上任国务卿后首次出席国务院例行新闻简报会时说：“我昨天提到了一些名字。在全世界有很多我昨天的讲话中没有提到的人。”

蓬佩奥星期一在他的第一个重要外交政策讲话中说，即使根据2015年签署的伊核协议，美国缓解了对德黑兰的制裁时，伊朗仍旧没有释放扣押的美国公民，包括巴克尔·纳马奇（Baquer Namazi）、西亚马克·纳马奇（Siamak Namazi）、王希悦（Xiyue Wang）和鲍勃·莱文森（Bob Levinson）。

蓬佩奥回答美国之音记者问题的时候说：“我们通过一切可能的渠道尽心努力，争取让这些美国公民回国，与家人团聚。”

几位被伊朗扣为人质的美国公民的家人担心，美国退出伊核协议的决定将让他们的亲人更难安全返回美国。

Pompeo: US Working to Bring Home American Hostage from Iran

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo vowed Tuesday to bring home American hostages in Iran, saying "the entire United States government" is working "diligently" and is utilizing "every avenue" and "mechanism."

"I mentioned a handful of names yesterday. There are more around the world I didn't identify in yesterday's remarks," said the chief American diplomat during his first appearance at the State Department briefing.

In his first major foreign policy address on Monday, Pompeo said Iran has failed to free American detainees, including Baquer Namazi, Siamak Namazi, Xiyue Wang and Bob Levinson, even during a time when Washington gave Tehran sanction relief under the 2015 nuclear deal.

"We are working diligently along every avenue that we can develop to get these folks to return back home, back to their families," he said, responding to a question posed by VOA.

Families of several American hostages are worried that the U.S. decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal would make it harder to get their loved ones home safely.