欧盟和日本周二签署贸易协定

欧洲联盟和日本将于星期二在东京签署一项内容广泛的贸易协定。

这项新贸易协定将对日本出口到欧盟的汽车和电子产品等99%的产品免以及欧盟国家出口到日本的奶酪、葡萄酒和猪肉等农产品除关税。

据信这项新贸易协定还将导致欧盟对日本的化学产品出口大大增加。欧盟和日本的贸易协定经过4年谈判后于去年完成，预计于2019年正式生效。

日本首相安倍晋三将在与欧洲理事会主席图斯克和欧盟委员会主席容克会见时签署这项贸易协定。

安倍原定于上星期访问布鲁塞尔时签署协议，但是日本西南部发生了200人丧生的严重滑坡，安倍被迫取消了计划中的访问。

European Union, Japan to Sign Landmark Trade Deal

The European Union and Japan will sign a sweeping trade deal Tuesday in Tokyo.

The new deal will eliminate 99 percent of tariffs on Japanese products to the EU, from automobiles to electronics, as well as agricultural exports from European Union countries to Japan, including cheese, wine and pork.

EU chemical exports to Japan are also expected to surge under the new pact.The deal was finalized late last year after four years of talks, and is expected to formally take effect in 2019.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will sign the deal during a meeting with European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Junker.

Abe was to have signed the deal last week during a planned trip to Brussels, but was forced to cancel the trip to deal with massive landslides in southwestern Japan that killed over 200 people.

美国法官不准政府递解新团聚非法移民家庭

一位美国联邦法官颁布临时法令，不准川普行政当局递解刚刚重新团聚的非法移民家庭。

美国联邦地区法官萨布罗星期一颁布这项临时法令之前，美国公民自由联盟向法院提出申诉，由于不断听到越来越多的传闻，担心川普政府将在这些家庭团聚之后立即开始大规模遣返行动。

美国公民自由联盟说，必须给这些家庭时间了解他们的法律权利，决定是否申请庇护。

萨布罗法官要求川普行政当局在7月24日星期一之前对他颁布的临时法令做出回应。

US Federal Judge Temporarily Halts Deportation of Immigrant Families

A U.S. federal judge has issued a temporary order on the Trump administration to stop the deportations of immigrant families after they have been reunited.

U.S. District Judge Dana Sabraw issued the order Monday after the American Civil Liberties Union raised concerns in a court filing of "persistent and increasing rumors" that the government will attempt to carry out "mass deportations...imminently and immediately" once the families are reunited.

The ACLU argued that the families must
have time to understand their legal rights and decide whether to pursue asylum.

Judge Sabraw gave the government until next Monday, July 24, to respond to his order.