总统权限问题将是大法官确认听证会关键

川普总统提名担任美国最高法院大法官的联邦法官卡瓦诺今后数月内在参议院提名确认听证会上会面临范围广泛的犀利提问。

民主党参议员很可能要问卡瓦诺法官在堕胎、同性恋权利以及平权行动等方面的立场。另一个民主党人感兴趣并要逼问卡瓦诺的问题是他对总统权限有什么看法，尤其是在川普总统执掌白宫的情况下。

卡瓦诺7月早些时候被白宫提名的时候保证将带着独立思维进入最高法院。

民主党人一开始就誓言要阻止卡瓦诺的提名获得通过。他们担心卡瓦诺会让在一代人的时期内让最高法院趋向保守。一些民主党人对卡瓦诺有关行政当局权限的立场感到担心。

卡瓦诺曾经在小布什总统时期在白宫工作过，并在2009年写过一篇文章，认为“总统执政期间不应被要求承担像普通公民一样的法律责任”，不应受到民事诉讼和刑事诉讼的干扰。

Scope of Presidential Power Key Issue in Court Confirmation Fight

President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, federal judge Brett Kavanaugh, can expect tough questions on a range of issues when he faces a Senate confirmation hearing sometime in the next few months.

Democrats are likely to pepper Kavanaugh with questions about his stance on abortion, gay rights and affirmative action. But another key area of interest is Kavanaugh’s expansive view of presidential power, something Democrats want to press him on with Trump in the White House.

When he was nominated at the White House earlier this month, Kavanaugh pledged to bring an independent mindset to the high court.

Democrats have vowed to fight Kavanaugh’s nomination from the start, fearing his appointment could ensure a strongly conservative court for a generation. Several have also expressed concern about his views on executive power.

Kavanaugh worked in the White House of President George W. Bush. Kavanaugh wrote an article in 2009, in which he said that presidents “should be excused from the burdens of ordinary citizenship while serving in office.”

五角大楼称阅兵式预算为1200万美元

五角大楼星期三确认，川普总统提议举行的阅兵式的费用为1200万美元。

五角大楼官员说，这个数字是计划估算，最后批准计划的数字很可能有变化。

1200万美元几乎等于现已取消的美韩联合军演的费用。川普总统与朝鲜领导人金正恩会面后取消了美韩军演，称军演费用庞大并对朝鲜有很挑衅性。

美国阅兵式定于11月10号在华盛顿举行。根据五角大楼今年3月公布的一份备忘录，阅兵式路线将从白宫到美国国会山。

五角大楼的备忘录说，阅兵式的重点是美国独立战争以来美国军人做出的贡献。参加阅兵式的有轮式军用车辆，但是将没有坦克参加。参加阅兵式的一些军队将穿不同历史时期的军装，阅兵式结束时飞过天空的飞机也将根据资源情况包括一些老式飞机。

美国总统川普和夫人梅拉妮亚去年7月14日作为法国总统马克龙和夫人布丽吉特的嘉宾观看了巴士底日的活动。

川普总统随后提出了举行阅兵式的想法。美国很少举行阅兵式。美国1991年在华盛顿举行阅兵式，庆祝海湾战争中把萨达姆的伊拉克军队赶出了科威特。

Pentagon: Military Parade to Cost Estimated $12 million

The military parade proposed by President Donald Trump will cost $12 million, the Pentagon confirmed Wednesday.

Pentagon officials said the figure was a planning estimate, which could easily change once the final plan is approved.

The $12 million cost is nearly the same as the budget for the now-canceled military exercises with South Korea.Trump called off the annual exercise after meeting with North Korea leader Kim Jong Un, citing their cost and calling them "very provocative" to Pyongyang.

The parade will take place in Washington on Nov. 10. According to a Pantagon memo released in March, the parade will travel from the White House to the U.S. Capitol.

The memo said the focus of the parade will be on the “contributions of U.S. military veterans throughout history,” starting from the American Revolutionary War. The parade will include wheeled vehicles but no tanks. Some troops will wear period uniforms and the airplanes used at the end of the parade will also include “older aircraft, as available.”

The inspiration to hold a military parade came from the president’s trip to France last year when he and first lady Melania Trump watched Bastille Day events in Paris on July 14, as the guests of French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte.

Military parades in the United States are generally rare. In 1991, U.S. troops paraded through Washington to celebrate the ousting of Saddam Hussein’s Iraqi forces from Kuwait in the Gulf War.