俄罗斯冰壶铜牌运动员药检呈阳性

一名参加平昌冬季奥运会的俄罗斯运动员被怀疑违反了有关兴奋剂的规则。

俄罗斯冰壶运动员说，他们的一名教练韩国时间星期天晚上告诉他们，获得混合双人赛铜牌的克鲁谢尼基的药检结果米屈肼呈阳性。米屈肼是2016年开始禁用的兴奋剂。

俄罗斯冰壶协会主席斯维晓夫拒绝确认这名俄罗斯运动员的名字。

国际奥林匹克运动会星期一说，从这名俄罗斯运动员又收集了第二个药检抽样，24小时后会出结果。

如果第二次药检仍然是阳性，俄罗斯冰壶代表队将被禁止在闭幕式上跟随俄罗斯国旗入场。

Russian Athlete Suspected of Breaching of Doping Rules

A Russian athlete is suspected of breaching doping rules at the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games.

Russian curlers said that a coach on their team told them late Sunday (South Korean time) that mixed doubles bronze medalist Alexander Krushelnitsky tested positive for meldonium, a substance banned in 2016.

Russian Curling Federation president Dmitry Svishchev would not confirm the name of the athlete.

The International Olympics Committee (IOC) said on Monday that a second sample from the athlete had been taken and results would be available in 24 hours.

If confirmed positive by the second test, the incident could keep Russia's team from being reinstated and marching under the national flag at the closing ceremony.

拉脱维亚央行行长被捕 总理大力安抚欧洲

拉脱维亚反腐警察星期六逮捕了该国央行行长之后，拉脱维亚总理古金斯基向全国以及欧洲保证，没有任何危险的迹象。

古金斯基总理和警方都没有解释为什么拉脱维亚央行行长里姆塞维克斯被逮捕的原因。不过，警方发言人说，将尽快做出宣布。

拉脱维亚政府计划星期一举行紧急会议。

里姆塞维克斯除了担任拉脱维亚央行行长之外，还是欧洲央行的19名董事之一。

美国财政部体提出制裁拉脱维亚一家大银行，因为据称这家银行卷入与朝鲜核武器项目有关的洗钱活动。

Head of the Latvian central bank arrested

Latvian Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis assured the country and Europe "there is no sign of danger," after anti-corruption police arrested the head of the Latvian central bank Saturday.

Neither Kucinskis nor the police gave any reason why central bank governor Ilmars Rimsevics was arrested. But a police spokeswoman said there will be an announcement "as soon as possible."

The Latvian government plans an emergency meeting Monday.

Along with heading the Baltic nation's central bank, Rimsevics is also one of 19 governors on the European Central Bank.

The U.S. Treasury Department has proposed sanctions against a major Latvian bank for alleged money laundering linked to North Korea's weapons program.