朝鲜利用美国技术从事“网络破坏行动”

一家全球网络威胁情报公司说，朝鲜领导层一直利用国际制裁中的漏洞，获取美国技术，然后用于进行“网络破坏行动”。

美国麻萨诸塞州的网络公司“记录未来”（Recorded Future）发现，对朝鲜的出口禁令和限制在阻止朝鲜获得核武器技术方面还算有效，但是在限制电脑产品进入朝鲜的方面失败了。

这份报告呼吁“全球在对朝鲜的全面制裁中要一致努力”，并警告说，否则朝鲜将一如既往地利用西方技术进行网络战。

朝鲜领导人金正恩和美国总统川普定于6月12号在新加坡举行峰会，重点是朝鲜放弃核武器计划，以换取经济上的好处和安全保证。

North Korea Uses US Tech for “Destructive Cyber Operations”

North Korea’s senior leadership has been exploiting loopholes in international sanctions to obtain the U.S. technology that Pyongyang uses to conduct “destructive cyber operations,” according to a global cyber threat intelligence company.

Recorded Future, based in Massachusetts, found that while export bans and restrictions are somewhat effective in keeping North Korea from acquiring technology for its nuclear weapons program, sanctions fail when it comes to regulating computer products from entering into North Korea.

The report calls for a “globally robust unified effort to impose comprehensive sanctions” on North Korea, warning that without this Pyongyang “will be able to continue its cyberwarfare operations unabated with the aid of Western technology.”

The report was released days before North Korean leader Kim Jung Un and U.S. President Donald Trump are scheduled to meet in Singapore for a summit focused on ending the North’s nuclear weapons program in exchange for economic incentives and security guarantees.

谷歌公司称绝不染指涉及武器的人工智能

谷歌公司星期四说，它不会做任何有关武器的人工智能项目。

谷歌公司因为跟国防部的合同，使用人工智能分析无人机拍摄的图像，最近数月一直受到批评。

谷歌和其它科技公司把人工智能带入医药、自然灾害应对规划、能源、运输和制造业等领域。但是，一些人对电脑而不是人做出决定感到担心。

几个月前，谷歌公司的4000多名员工签署了一份请愿书，要求公司取消与国防部签订的合同。他们和其他一些批评人士担心，这个项目会导致未来使用无人自动武器。

据报道，谷歌公司的一名高管上星期对员工说，谷歌在与国防部的合同到期后将不再续延。

Google Says No to Doing AI Weapons Work

Google won't do artificial intelligence work for weapons, the company said Thursday.

Google has come under fire in recent months for its contract with the U.S. Department of Defense to use AI for sifting through drone footage.

Google and other tech firms have been bringing the advances in AI to fields such as medicine, natural disaster planning, energy, transportation and manufacturing.
But these advances have also led to ethical concerns about the kinds of decisions being made without human input.

In recent months, more than 4,000 Google employees signed a petition calling for the cancellation of the company's contract with the Department of Defense. They joined other critics in raising alarms that the project could lead to the use of autonomous weapons.

Last week, a Google executive reportedly told employees that the company would not seek to renew its contract with the military.