美第一夫人非洲之行首站加纳

美国第一夫人梅拉尼亚在她的非洲之行第一站加纳访问，这是她在特朗普担任总统以来首次独自大型出访。

梅拉尼亚周二早上乘飞机抵达加纳后，参观了大阿克拉地区医院。在那里她观看了婴儿被称重，并将白宫捐赠的毯子和泰迪熊分发出去。

白宫表示，梅拉尼亚的非洲之行还将包括马拉维、肯尼亚和埃及，此行将“专注于医院的孕产妇和新生儿护理、儿童教育，深深融入每个非洲国家的历史和文化，以及美国如何支持每个国家实现自力更生。“

儿童福利一直是特朗普夫人今年早些时候推出的“成为最佳”运动的焦点。

有观察人士认为，她此次的五天外访可能因特朗普总统以前对非洲的不敬言辞等行为而变得复杂。

不过，传统基金会非洲高级政策分析师梅瑟维认为，特朗普总统的话不会影响到第一夫人的非洲行程。

梅瑟维说：“我认为美非关系要远远超出总统的评论，而且这种关系已持续了几十年。”他补充说，“坦率讲，我怀疑非洲绝大多数普通人都没有听说过那些传来传去的话。这只是精英关注的一个焦点。”

梅拉尼亚步其他访问过非洲大陆的美国第一夫人的后尘。希拉里-克林顿，劳拉-布什和米歇尔-奥巴马都多次前往非洲大陆访问。

Melania Trump Visits Ghana on First Stop of African Tour

U.S. first lady Melania Trump is in Ghana at the start of a tour of Africa — her first major solo international trip since her husband became president.

Trump landed in Ghana Tuesday morning and visited the Greater Accra Regional Hospital, where she saw babies being weighed and passed out blankets and teddy bears donated by the White House.

The White House says her trip — which will also take her to Malawi, Kenya and Egypt — will "focus on maternal and newborn care in hospitals, education for children, the deep culture and history woven into each African country, and how the United States is supporting each country on its journey to self-reliance."

Child welfare has been the focus of Mrs. Trump's "Be Best" campaign launched earlier this year.

Her five-day trip could be complicated by the actions and words of her husband, who has referred to Africa in vulgar terms.

Joshua Meservey, a senior Africa policy analyst at The Heritage Foundation, however, believes President Trump's words will not affect the first lady's Africa visit.

"I think the U.S.-Africa relationship is much bigger than the president's comments, and it's been going on for decades and decades." Meservey added, "Frankly, I suspect the vast majority of average Africans have not heard of any of those dust-ups. It's very much an elite preoccupation."

Melania Trump is following in the footsteps of other first ladies who have visited the African continent. Hillary Clinton, Laura Bush and Michelle Obama traveled to the continent multiple times.

亚马逊提高美国工人最低工资

从下个月开始，亚马逊公司将所有美国工人的最低工资提高到每小时15美元。

亚马逊周二表示，工资上涨将使35万多名工人受益，其中包括全职、兼职、临时和季节性员工，也包括Whole Foods的员工。这家总部位于西雅图的公司表示，一些已经得到每小时15美元的小时运营和客户服务员工也将看到工资上涨。

亚马逊在全球各地拥有超过575,000名员工。

目前公司工人的工资可能因地而异。在德克萨斯州奥斯汀的一个仓库工作是每小时10美元，在新泽西州罗宾斯维尔是每小时13.50美元。根据向政府提交的文件，去年亚马逊员工的薪酬中位数为28,446美元，其中包括全职、兼职和临时工。

亚马逊表示，其公共政策团队将开始推动增加现为每小时7.25美元的联邦最低工资。

亚马逊全球企业事务高级副总裁杰伊卡尼在一份声明中说：“我们打算提倡增加最低工资，这将对我们国家数以千万计的人和家庭的生活产生深远影响。”

Amazon Raising Minimum Wage for US Workers

Amazon is boosting its minimum wage for all U.S. workers to $15 per hour starting next month.

The company said Tuesday that the wage hike will benefit more than 350,000 workers, which includes full-time, part-time, temporary and seasonal positions. It includes Whole Foods employees. Amazon's hourly operations and customer service employees, some who already make $15 per hour, will also see a wage increase, the Seattle-based company said.

Amazon has more than 575,000 employees globally.

Pay for workers at Amazon can vary by location. Its starting pay is $10 an hour at a warehouse in Austin, Texas, and $13.50 an hour in Robbinsville, New Jersey. The median pay for an Amazon employee last year was $28,446, according to government filings, which includes full-time, part-time and temporary workers.

Amazon said its public policy team will start pushing for an increase in the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour.

"We intend to advocate for a minimum wage increase that will have a profound impact on the lives of tens of millions of people and families across this country," Jay Carney, senior vice president of Amazon global corporate affairs, said in a statement.