美国称中国在吉布提使用激光是“真正威胁”

美国官员描述说，中国在非洲一个美军基地附近危险和不负责任地使用了激光。对此，美国表示一定要让中国承担责任。

星期四，白宫新闻发言人萨拉·哈克比·桑德斯在白宫例行记者会上被问到中国使用高能军用激光一再对准在吉布提上空飞行的美国飞机一事。她说：“这将有近期和长期的后果。”

美国国防官员说，激光是从多拉莱的中国军事基地发射的，至少有三次事件，造成两名美国飞行员的眼睛受了轻伤。

五角大楼首席发言人达纳·怀特星期四对记者说：“这是很严重的事件。”

她提到，美国已经向中国政府提出了正式抗议。她说：“这类活动对我们的空军人员构成真正威胁。我们期待中国对此进行彻底调查。”

熟悉这一局势的消息人士说，中国暂时还没有对这一指控做出回应，但是过去抱怨过外国军事间谍飞机飞越中国驻吉布提的基地。

美军就在吉布提使用激光的问题向飞行员发出了警告。这则警告上个月以通知的形式发布在联邦航空管理局的网站上，敦促飞行员保持“极度警戒”。

五角大楼官员警告说，持续使用这类军用激光有可能对飞行机组人员造成严重伤害，并威胁周边安全。他们说，虽然以前曾有类似事例，但是中国在过去几个星期里增加了对激光的使用，还造成美国空军人员受伤，这令人倍感关注。

US Calls China’s Use of Lasers in Djibouti ‘True Threat’

The United States is promising to hold China to account for what officials describe as a dangerous and reckless use of lasers near a U.S. military base in Africa.

“There will be near-term and long-term consequences,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters Thursday when asked about Beijing’s use of high-powered, military-grade lasers to repeatedly target U.S. aircraft flying over the east African country of Djibouti.

According to U.S. defense officials, the lasers were fired from the Chinese military base in Doraleh on at least three occasions, resulting in minor eye injuries for two American pilots.

"They are very serious incidents," Chief Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White told reporters Thursday.

"This activity poses a true threat to our airmen," she said, noting the United States has lodged a formal protest with the Chinese government. "We expect China to investigate it thoroughly."

China did not immediately respond to the accusation but has complained in the past about foreign military spy planes flying over its Djibouti outpost, sources familiar with the situation said.

The U.S. military issued a warning to pilots about the use of lasers in Djibouti in a notice that was posted last month on the Federal Aviation Administration web site, urging them to use "extreme caution."

Pentagon officials warn the continued use of such military grade lasers could cause serious harm to air crews and threaten the safety of the surrounding area. They said while there had been some similar instances in the past, China's use of the laser has increased over the past several weeks. That, along with the injuries to U.S. airmen, caused rising concern, they said.

奥斯卡将考斯比和波兰斯基除名

颁发奥斯卡奖的机构星期四由于性侵案件将喜剧演员比尔·考斯比和导演罗曼·波兰斯基除名。

美国电影艺术与科学学会发表声明说，该学会理事会“继续支持推动要求其成员坚持该协会尊重人类尊严的伦理道德标准。”

在多人谴责制片人哈维·韦恩斯坦进行性骚扰和身体虐待之后，该学会去年12月采纳了新的规范标准。哈维·韦恩斯坦去年10月被逐出该学会。

新的规范表示，该学会不接受“滥用身份、权力或影响力而侵犯尊严标准”的人。

考斯比在电视界比电影界的名望更高，上周他因2004年下药并性侵前坦普大学女子篮球队经理安德莉亚·康斯坦德而被判有罪。

波兰斯基2002年因《钢琴师》一片获得最佳导演奖。他被控1977年在洛杉矶和一名13岁的女孩发生性关系而被控强奸等罪名。波兰斯基第二年逃离美国以逃避可能的起诉。

Oscars Kick Out Cosby, Polanski

The group that hands out Oscars for excellence in the movies expelled actor-comedian Bill Cosby and director Roman Polanski on Thursday because of cases of sexual assault.

The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences issued a statement saying its board of governors "continues to encourage ethical standards that require members to uphold the Academy's values of respect for human dignity."

The academy adopted a new code of standards in December following accusations of sexual harassment and physical abuse by producer Harvey Weinstein — booted from the academy in October.

The code says the academy is no place for "people who abuse their status, power, or influence in a manner that violates standards of decency."

Cosby, who is known more for television than films, was convicted last week for drugging and sexually abusing former Temple University women's basketball team manager Andrea Constand in 2004.

Polanski won a Best Director Oscar for 2002's The Pianist. He is accused of statutory rape for allegedly having sex with a 13-year-old girl in Los Angeles in 1977.

Polanski fled the United States the following year to avoid possible prosecution.