老牌间谍哈斯佩尔宣誓就任中情局长

为美国中央情报局服务超过30年的吉娜·哈斯佩尔星期一宣誓成为这个美国情报机构的第一位女局长。

川普总统出席了在华盛顿郊外的中情局总部举行的就职仪式，他赞扬哈斯佩尔“很坚强，在捍卫美国的问题上……永远不会退缩.”川普说，“这个机构的男女工作人员应该有卓越的领导人，而这正是他们得到的。”

川普称哈斯佩尔是“一个非常特别的人......一个以非凡的技能和服务奉献美国的人”。他对哈斯佩尔说：“这个国家没有人比你更适合担任这个非凡的职位。”

哈斯佩尔接替最近成为美国国务卿的麦克·蓬佩奥。她形容在中情局和其他美国情报机构的工作“不仅仅是职业”，而是“保护美国免受恐怖袭击”的事业。

尽管川普总统对哈斯佩尔的提名引发不同意见，但美国参议院上周四批准了对她的任命。

Veteran Spy Gina Haspel Sworn In as New US CIA Chief

Gina Haspel, a 30-year veteran of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, was sworn in Monday's as the spy agency's first female director.

President Donald Trump watched as Vice President Mike Pence swore in the 61-year-old Haspel during a ceremony at the CIA headquarters, outside Washington."Gina is tough, she is strong and when it comes to defending America, Gina will never back down," Trump said. "The men and women of this agency deserve exceptional leadership and that is what they are getting."

Trump called her "a very special person...someone who has served this country with extraordinary skill and devotion." He said "there is no one in this country better qualified for this extraordinary office than you."

She is replacing Mike Pompeo, who recently became U.S. secretary of state and stood nearby as Haspel, his deputy at the CIA, took the oath of office.

Haspel described her life at CIA and that of other U.S. intelligence workers as "more than a career," but rather "a calling" to protect the country against terrorist attacks.

The U.S. Senate confirmed Haspel last Thursday by a vote of 54-45, ending a tumultuous nomination process in which lawmakers revisited the CIA's past interrogation practices.

美国驻中国大使布兰斯塔德在华尔街日报发表文章

美国驻中国大使布兰斯塔德离开北京的酒店（2018年5月4日）
美国驻中国大使布兰斯塔德离开北京的酒店（2018年5月4日）
布兰斯塔德写道：“我们要指出的是，我们美国市场非常开放，而中国却不是这样。例如，微信这样的公司可以在美国运营，但是，脸书和谷歌这样的公司却不能在中国运营。云计算领域也受到严格限制。”

布兰斯塔德大使还写道，“在许多领域里我们希望实现更加对等的待遇，我们希望中国像美国一样开放。”

不过，这位大使还说，“美国也承认，我们需要保护我们的国家安全，需要保护我们居世界领先地位的一些技术。”

Terry Branstad, U.S. Ambassador to China, writes on WSJ today

“What we would point out is we have a very open market in the United States. And that’s not true in China.

“As an example, companies like WeChat can operate in the U.S. But Facebook, Google and these companies cannot operate in China. Cloud computing is heavily restricted.

“There are a lot of areas where we’d like to see more reciprocity, and we’d like to see China being just as open as the U.S.”

The ambassador also said: “But the U.S. also recognizes we need to protect our national security, and we need to protect against losing some of these critical technologies in which we are the world leader.”