金砖五国领导人关注保护主义经济政策

来自金砖五国的领导人对南非总统提到的多边主义和可持续全球增长面临的威胁感到担心。这几乎明确是指美国和金砖五国中最富裕的成员中国之间酝酿的贸易战。

中国国家主席习近平在南非三天峰会开始时提到他的关切。他说：“应该抵制贸易战，因为这将不会有赢家。经济霸权主义更应该抵制，因这将损害国际社会的集体利益。这样做的人将只会伤害自己。”

南非总统拉马福萨也表达了同样的看法。他说：“我们在此开会之际，正值多边贸易体系面临前所未有的挑战。我们关注与世贸组织规则相违背的单边行动越来越多，我们担心这些做法的影响，特别是对发展中国家及其经济的影响。这种局面的发展需要我们详细讨论贸易在促进可持续经济增长、尤其是包容性增长中的作用。”

金砖五国包括巴西、俄罗斯、印度、中国和南非。

川普总统威胁要对总值5050亿美元的中国进口商品加征关税，引发全球关注。一些观察人士说，川普总统直截了当的言辞可能会对今年的金砖五国峰会有所影响。

在南非举行的金砖五国峰会定于星期五结束。

Leaders of Economic Bloc Cite Concerns Over Protectionist Policies

Leaders from the five BRICS nations sounded the alarm over what South Africa’s president described as recent threats to multilateralism and sustainable global growth —a not-so-coded reference to a brewing trade war between the U.S. and BRICS’ wealthiest member, China.

Chinese President Xi Jinping raised his concerns as the three-day summit began in South Africa."A trade war should be rejected because there will be no winner,” he said. “Economic hegemony is even more objectionable, because it will undermine the collective interest of the international community. Those who pursue this cause will only hurt themselves."

South African President Cyril Ramaphosa echoed his sentiments. “We are meeting here, ladies and gentlemen, at a time when the multilateral trading system is facing unprecedented challenges,” Ramaphosa said. “We are concerned by the rise in unilateral measures that are incompatible with World Trade Organization rules and we are worried about the impact of these measures, especially as they impact developing countries and economies. These developments call for thorough discussion on the role of trade in growing and in promoting sustainable development, particularly inclusive growth.”

BRICS comprises Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.

President Donald Trump has threatened to slap tariffs on all $505 billion worth of Chinese imports, a move that has caused global concern. Summit watchers say his blunt rhetoric will influence this year’s summit.

The summit continues through Friday.

希腊至少81人死于山火全国哀悼三天

希腊为山火中的丧生者举行短暂默哀。

迅速蔓延的大火造成至少81人丧生。救援人员继续检查被大火烧坏的汽车和住房。希腊总理齐普拉斯星期二宣布，全国将哀悼3天。

靠近雅典的拉斐那港口附近大火蔓延最严重，很多人逃向海滩，为了安全跳入海水。

700多人乘船撤离。医院收治了将近200人，其中大多数是烧伤。

目前没有失踪者的官方统计。大风促使大火在炎热、干燥的天气中迅速蔓延。

Greece Mourns Wildfire Victims

Greece observed a period of mourning Wednesday as crews continued checking cars and homes burned in fast-moving fires that have killed at least 81 people.Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras announced Tuesday there would be three days of national mourning.

The worst fire spread near the port of Rafina, near Athens, sending many people to beaches and into the water in search of safety.

Boats evacuated more than 700 people.Hospitals have treated nearly 200 people, mostly for burns.

There was no official count of the number of people still missing. High wind gusts helped the fires spread quickly in hot, dry weather conditions.