日本太空探测器抵达小行星

日本的一艘收集太阳系起源信息的太空探测器历时3年半，向太空深处航行了3亿公里之后，飞抵一颗小行星。

日本宇宙航空研究开发机构说，“隼鸟二号”探测器星期三飞到距离小行星龙宫20公里的位置。这艘探测器将花18个月的时间拍摄小行星龙宫的图片。这颗小行星以日本古代传说中的海底宫殿命名。探测器还要向小行星放出一个法国和德国联合制造的登陆器，研究小行星的表面。

隼鸟二号探测器最终也会降落到小行星龙宫的表面。它将先释放一个装置，把一个两公斤重的铜块发射到小行星表面，形成一个形状像火山口的小撞击坑，然后在那附近降落，收集表面被撞击出来的物质。

隼鸟二号定于2020年年底返回地球。

Japanese Space Probe Reaches Asteroid

A Japanese space probe has arrived at an asteroid after a three-and-a half year, 300 million kilometer journey through deep space to collect information about the origins of the solar system.

The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency says the Hayabusa2 probe entered into a position about 20 kilometers above the Ryugu asteroid Wednesday. The probe will spend the next 18 months taking photographic images of Ryugu, which is named after an undersea palace in ancient Japanese folklore, and deploy a French-German built lander to study the surface.

Hayabusa2 will eventually land on Ryugu itself during the mission. It will send out a device that will shoot a 2-kilogram copper projectile into the surface that will create a small crater. The probe will land near the surface and collect the underground material blown out of the crater.

Hayabusa2 is due to return to Earth in late 2020.

国际特赦组织指缅甸13名官员有反人类罪行为

国际特赦组织说，它掌握的可靠证据显示，包括一名高级军队将领在内的13名缅甸官员参与了去年8月开始的镇压罗兴亚穆斯林行动，构成反人类罪行为。

国际特赦组织的一份将近200页的报告提到缅甸国防军总司令敏昂兰和其他8名高级军官、一名中级军官和3名缅甸边防军军官。

罗兴亚激进分子攻击若开邦的保安部队引发缅甸政府军的惩罚打击行动。自从去年8月25号以来，70多万罗兴亚人逃离了他们在若开邦的家园。联合国表示，缅甸政府军采取了周密协调、系统性的打击行动，构成“典型的”种族清洗。

逃离的罗兴亚人叙述了政府军在若开邦的暴行，包括烧毁村庄、枪击案、掠抢、以及为阻止罗兴亚人返回家园而埋设地雷。

国际特赦组织的调查人员进行了400多个访谈，访谈对象包括若开邦中部的罗兴亚人和在孟加拉国难民营里的罗兴亚人。他们收集了受害者和目击者的证词，分析了卫星图像和机密文件。

调查人员还详细列举了罗兴亚激进组织“若开罗兴亚救世军”的恶行，包括定点杀戮20多名被指称向政府告密的罗兴亚人，以及对印度教社区的攻击。

美国之音记者试图获得缅甸驻联合国大使的评论，但没有成功。

国际特赦组织说，写给缅甸实际领导人昂山素季的一封信函已于6月13号送抵内比都，但是没有任何回音。

Amnesty International Says 13 Myanmar Officials Guilty of Crimes against Humanity

Amnesty International says it has credible evidence implicating 13 Myanmar officials, including a top military commander, with crimes against humanity for their roles in the campaign against Rohingya Muslims that began in August.

Commander-in-Chief of the Defense Services Senior General Min Aung Hlaing and eight other senior officers, as well as a junior officer and three Border Guard Police officers are cited in Amnesty's nearly 200-page report.

More than 700,000 Rohingya have fled Myanmar's northern Rakhine state since August 25, after attacks by Rohingya militants against state security forces led to military reprisals. The United Nations says the military retaliated in a well-organized, systematic and coordinated manner which is a "textbook example" of ethnic cleansing.

Fleeing Rohingya have told harrowing accounts of the military burning their villages in northern Rakhine state, rape, killings, looting and the laying of landmines to prevent them returning to their homes.

Amnesty researchers conducted more than 400 interviews, including with Rohingya in central Rakhine state and in refugee camps in Bangladesh. They also collected victim and eyewitness testimony and analyzed satellite images and confidential documents.

The researchers also detail abuses by Rohingya militants of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army or ARSA. The list includes at least two dozen targeted killings of Rohingya alleged to have been government informants, as well as deadly attacks on Hindu communities.

VOA's attempts to reach the Myanmar U.N. ambassador for comment on the report were unsuccessful.

Amnesty said a letter it sent to Myanmar's de facto head of state, Aung San Suu Kyi, was received in Napitaw on June 13, but there has not yet been any reply.