参议院阻止妊娠期超20周禁止堕胎议案

美国民主党参议员阻止通过了一项将禁止妊娠超过20个星期的孕妇堕胎的议案。女性在怀孕超过20周后因而仍然可以合法堕胎。

参议院的共和党领导人事先就清楚通过议案的希望渺茫，但是希望能向民主党人施压，让他们在堕胎问题上明确表态，特别是那些面临选举而在支持川普当选总统的选区无明显优势的民主党参议员。

参议员基本根据所属政党投票，只有两名共和党参议员投了反对票。此外，3名民主党参议员投了赞成票，这3名参议员都来自2016年总统大选把票投给川普的州。

参议院中一半民主党和无党派参议员今年都面临连任选举，其中10名参议员来自川普在2016年总统大选中获胜的州。

Senate Blocks 20-Week Abortion Bill

U.S. Democratic senators have blocked a bill that would have banned abortions after 20 weeks, ensuring that the procedure stays legal through the later terms of a woman's pregnancy.

Republican leaders in the Senate knew the bill had little chance to pass, but wanted to pressure Democrats to take a stance on abortion, particularly vulnerable Democrats facing re-election and from states that voted for President Donald Trump.

The vote largely fell along party lines, with only two Republicans voting against. Three Democrats voted for the measure. All three are from states that voted for Trump in the 2016 election.

More than half of the Senate's Democrats and independents are up for re-election this year, and 10 of them are in states Trump won.

五角大楼称 俄军机从距离美国海军飞机1.5米处掠过

美国在一架俄罗斯喷气式军机星期一在黑海上空国际空域危险地近距离靠近一架美国飞机之后表示“极为关注”。

事件发生时俄罗斯正在举行一场军事演习。

美国国务院发言人诺尔特星期一晚上在一份声明中说：“美国飞机进行符合国际法的飞行，而俄罗斯方面公然违反现行协议和国际法。这是俄罗斯军事行动无视国际准则和协议的最新例证。”

美国驻欧洲海军说，一架俄罗斯苏-27飞机从一架美国EP-3飞机前方1.5米的地方飞过。

俄罗斯尚未对这个事件发表任何评论。

美国国务院呼吁俄罗斯停止它所称的不安全、增加误判和空中撞机风险的行为。

Russian jet flies within 5 feet of US Navy plane, Pentagon says

The United States is expressing its “highest level of concern” after a Russian military jet came dangerously close to a U.S. plane in international airspace over the Black Sea Monday.

The encounter came during a Russian military exercise.

“While the U.S. aircraft was operating under international law, the Russian side was flagrantly violating existing agreements and international law,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement late Monday, “this is but the latest example of Russian military activities disregarding international norms and agreements.”

According to U.S. Naval Forces Europe, a Russian SU-27 came within one and a half meters of crossing directly in front of the flight path of an American EP-3.

There has been no response so far from Russia.

The State Department calls on Russia to stop what it calls unsafe actions that increase the risk of miscalculation and midair collisions.