移民大军试图非法越境 美、墨承诺加强边境安全

墨西哥和美国当局誓言对那些在边境参与暴力事件的人提出起诉。之前在星期天进行的反对庇护处理时间长的和平抗议以一群移民分开行动后试图越过美墨边境，导致美国边境巡逻人员发放催泪瓦斯而告终。

美国国土安全部部长尼尔森表示，海关和边境巡逻人员“遭到移民大军的成员抛出的射弹袭击”。国土安全部表示，这促使官员们为特工人员的安全起见而动用催泪瓦斯。

墨西哥内政部在一份声明中说，当局得以控制约500人，他们“以暴力的方式”试图越过圣伊西德罗过境点附近的边境，而那些被确认参与的人将立即被驱逐出境。

声明说，根据墨西哥政府尊重移民的人权和不予定罪的政策，它不会部署军队来控制移民，而是会在移民试图冲过的过境点加强安全保护

墨西哥的蒂华纳市当局称警方逮捕了39人。

目前有主要来自洪都拉斯、危地马拉和萨尔瓦多的大约5000名移民聚集在蒂华纳，他们称为逃离家乡的贫困和暴力寻求庇护。许多人对他们的庇护案要经过需漫长的等待才能回审理而感到不满。圣伊西德罗是美国最繁忙的陆路口岸，当局每天处理大约100名寻求庇护者的申请。

这些移民的到来已经引起蒂华纳一些当地人的反对，那里的许多庇护所已经处于饱和状态，并且在边境的另一边，美国方面已加强了安全措施，其中包括特朗普总统下令部署到边境的部队。

美国将圣伊西德罗过境点进出车辆和行人交通关闭了几个小时，周日晚间才重新开放。那里每天约有10万人过境。

星期天早些时候，蒂华纳市长加斯特伦表示，他不会允许移民大军的不良行为破坏与美方的关系。

加斯特伦一直直言不讳提出对移民的批评。由于蒂华纳在安置移民方面陷入困境，他上周宣布那里进入人道主义危机。大多数移民都被安置在一个体育场馆，得到食物和上厕所都要等好久。

特朗普呼吁墨西哥以及更南部的国家采取行动，阻止这些移民大军来到美国边境。

墨西哥内政部周日表示，自10月19日起，它已将近2000名中美洲移民送回了他们的国家，这些人是移民大军的一部分。

特朗普总统周六表示，这些移民在法院批准他们的庇护申请之前不会获准进入美国。这将改变现行政策，就是在移民法官审理庇护案件前允许寻求庇护者留在美国。

即将在12月1日上台的墨西哥新政府表示，不愿意让寻求美国庇护者留在墨西哥等待美国移民法庭的审理结果，等待时间可能长达数年。

US, Mexico Pledge Tough Security After Group of Migrants Tried to Cross Border

Mexican and U.S. authorities are pledging to prosecute those engaging in violence at the border, after a peaceful march in protest of long asylum processing times Sunday ended with a group of migrants breaking off and trying to cross and U.S. border patrol agents responding with tear gas.

U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said Customs and Border Patrol personnel "were struck by projectiles thrown by caravan members," and the agency said that prompted officers to use the tear gas "because of the risk to agents' safety."

Mexico's Interior Ministry said in a statement that authorities were able to contain a group of about 500 people who "in a violent manner" tried to cross the border near the San Ysidro crossing, and that those who are identified as participating would be immediately deported.

The statement said that in accordance with the Mexican government's policy of respecting human rights and the non-criminalization of migration, it would not deploy military forces to control the migrants, but that it would reinforce the border points where people tried to break through.

The Tijuana government said officers arrested 39 people.

About 5,000 people -- most of them from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador -- have gathered in Tijuana after traveling in caravans in search of asylum to escape poverty and violence in their homelands, and many are expressing frustration at long wait times for their cases to be heard. San Ysidro is the busiest U.S. land crossing, and authorities there currently process about 100 asylum seekers per day.

The migrants' arrival has been met by some opposition from people in Tijuana, where many shelters were already at capacity, and on the U.S. side of the border by increased security measures that include members of the military deployed there by President Donald Trump.

U.S. authorities closed the San Ysidro crossing to vehicle traffic in both directions as well as pedestrians for several hours before fully reopening late Sunday. About 100,000 people cross there each day.

Earlier Sunday, Tijuana Mayor Juan Manuel Gastelum said he will not allow bilateral relations to be broken by bad actions of the migrant caravan.

Gastelum has been outspoken against the migrants, and last week he declared a humanitarian crisis in his city as it struggles to accommodate them. Most of the migrants are being housed at a sports complex, where they face long wait times for food and bathrooms.

Trump has called on Mexico and countries farther to the south to take actions that would prevent such migrant caravans from ever reaching the U.S. border.

The Mexican Interior Ministry said Sunday that since October 19, it had sent nearly 2,000 Central Americans who were part of recent caravans back to their countries.

On Saturday, Trump said the migrants would not be allowed into the United States until a court approves their asylum claim, which would break from existing policy allowing asylum seekers to remain in the U.S. until an immigration judge hears their case.

But Mexico's incoming government, which assumes power December 1, denied that it is willing to let U.S. asylum-seekers stay there pending the outcome of their cases in U.S. immigration courts, which could take years.

《末代皇帝》导演贝托鲁奇逝世鲁奇逝世

意大利电影导演贝纳尔多·贝托鲁奇去世。

贝托鲁奇周一早上在罗马的家中去世，享年77岁。娱乐周刊杂志《综艺》报道说他患有癌症。

他最出名的是电影《末代皇帝》和《巴黎最后的探戈》。

贝托鲁奇凭借《末代皇帝》赢得了奥斯卡最佳导演奖，这使他成为第一位也是目前唯一一位赢得这一奥斯卡奖项的意大利人。《末代皇帝》是一部讲述中国最后一位皇帝溥仪生平的电影杰作，当年获得9项奥斯卡奖提名，并赢得了全部9个奖项。

不过，《巴黎最后的探戈》可能是他最著名的电影。 这部1972年拍摄的性爱故事片由马龙-白兰度和玛丽亚-施耐德主演。这部电影讲述了一个老男人和一个年轻女人在巴黎的不同地点匿名发生性关系的故事。由于片中有一场涉及黄油的性爱场景充满争议，《巴黎最后的探戈》在首映后引起了不小的轰动。

在2011年戛纳电影节上，贝托鲁奇因他一生的作品被授予荣誉金棕榈奖。

Italian Film Director Bernardo Bertolucci Dies

Italian film director Bernardo Bertolucci has died.

Bertolucci, who was 77 years old, died Monday morning at his home in Rome. Variety, the entertainment weekly magazine, reports that he had cancer.

He is best known for the films "The Last Emperor," and "Last Tango in Paris."

Bertolucci won the best director Oscar for "The Last Emperor," making him the first and only Italian to win the best director Oscar. "The Last Emperor," a cinematic masterpiece about the last imperial ruler of China, was nominated for nine Oscars and won all nine categories.

"Last Tango in Paris," however, is probably his best-known film. The 1972 erotic drama starred Marlon Brando and Maria Schneider. Tango is the tale of a older man and a young woman who have anonymous sex in various locations in Paris. "Tango" created quite a stir when it came out because of a controversial sex scene involving butter.

Years later, Schneider, who was 19 years old when filming on "Tango" began, said in an interview that the scene was not in the original script and she was only told about it right before the scene was shot. "I felt humiliated and to be honest, I felt a little raped, both by Marlon and by Bertolucci."

At the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, Bertolucci was awarded an honorary Palme d'Or for his life's work.