谷歌员工将在全球各地抗议公司职场文化

数百名谷歌公司在亚洲的员工周四短暂停工，这是全球各地员工抗议公司在处理性骚扰问题及其职场文化的一部分。

预计周四也将有全球各地近二十家谷歌分公司的另外数百名谷歌员工和合同工，其中大多数是女性，也将离职停工。

罢工是自上周《纽约时报》报道称这家互联网巨头向被控性骚扰的男性高管支付了数百万美元的遣散费而未透露其不法行为之后，员工表达不满情绪的最新迹象。

《纽约时报》报道称，谷歌2014年在当时的高级副总裁安迪·鲁宾被控性骚扰后，向他支付了9000万美元。鲁宾否认了文中这一消息，但谷歌没有提出异议。

这份报道为持续数月的员工要求提高女性和少数族裔员工待遇以及增加员工族裔多样性的运动增添活力。这一运动在今年早些时候包括请愿活动、与高级管理人员会面以及接受工人权利组织Coworker.org的培训。

组织者们周三要求谷歌母公司字母公司向其董事会增加一名员工代表并在内部披露公司分发股权信息。员工还要求公司修改其人力资源部政策，让性骚扰指控流程更加公平。

谷歌首席执行官桑达-皮采表示，“员工已经提出了建设性意见”，公司将把这些意见化为“行动”。

字母公司的94,000名员工和数万名合同工所表达的不满并未对公司的股价造成不利影响。但员工曾表示，如果问题得不到充分解决，他们预计公司会在招聘和保留人才方面出现问题。

Google Workers Set to Launch Worldwide Protests

Hundreds of Google employees in Asia walked off the job briefly Thursday as part of a worldwide protest of the company's handling of sexual harassment cases and its workplace culture.

Hundreds of other Google workers and contractors, most of them women, are also expected Thursday to walk out of nearly two dozen company offices around the world.

The walkouts are the latest indications of employee dissatisfaction that escalated last week after the New York Times reported the internet giant paid millions of dollars in severance pay to male executives accused of harassment without disclosing their wrongful acts.

The Times report said, for example, that Google paid $90 million in 2014 to then-senior vice president Andy Rubin after he was accused of sexual harassment. Rubin denied the allegations in the article, which Google did not dispute.

The report energized a months-long employee movement to improve treatment of women and minorities and increase diversity. The movement earlier this year included petition drives, meetings with senior executives and training from the workers' rights group Coworker.org.

Organizers demanded late Wednesday that Google parent Alphabet Inc. add a worker representative to its board of directors and internally disclose pay equity information. Employees also asked the company to revise their human resources practices to make the harassment claims filing process more equitable.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai said "employees have raised constructive ideas" which the company will turn "into action."

Dissatisfaction among Alphabet's 94,000 workers and tens of thousands of contractors has not adversely affected the company's share price. But employees have said they expect Alphabet to have recruiting and retention problems if the problems are not adequately addressed.

加拿大加紧驱逐无证移民

加拿大边境管理局周三表示，计划每年将驱逐无证移民的人数增加10,000人。

这不仅包括未获得批准的的难民和寻求庇护者，还包括那些当局视为威胁到国家安全的人。

边境管理局发言人对官方的加拿大广播公司表示，“尽管加拿大是一个人道主义国家，多年来一直欢迎许多移民和寻求庇护者，但来到我们国家的人们应该遵守我们的法律和程序。”

目前加拿大有大约18,000名移民应被驱逐出境，有5,300个所谓的可执行案件，这意味着他们没有合法上诉权或其他原因可以留下来的。

反对派保守派称，从无人看守的美国过境点进入加拿大寻求庇护者的人数是一个危机。他们说政府没有认真对待此事，也没有相应计划。

自由派称边境形势是一个挑战。

加拿大总理特鲁多周三表示，“我们正在研究如何改善移民制度，看看我们如何迅速行动。 ......我们优先考虑建立一个有效的移民系统，而这一直是我们要做的事情。“

许多在加拿大寻求庇护或难民身份的人来自哥伦比亚、厄立特里亚、海地、尼加拉瓜和土耳其。

Canada to Step Up Deportations of Undocumented Migrants

Canada’s border agency said Wednesday that it planned to increase its deportations of undocumented migrants by 10,000 a year.

These are to include not just failed refugees and asylum-seekers but those authorities regard as national security threats.

“While Canada is a humanitarian country that has welcomed many immigrants and asylum-seekers over the years, those coming to our country are expected to abide by our laws and processes,” a border agency spokesperson told the state-run Canadian Broadcasting Corp.

There is a backlog of about 18,000 migrants listed for deportation, with 5,300 so-called actionable cases, meaning there are no legal appeals or other reasons for them to stay.

Opposition conservatives call the number of asylum-seekers entering Canada through unmanned U.S. border crossings a crisis. They say the government does not take the matter seriously and has no plan.

Liberals call the border situation a challenge.

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Wednesday that “we are in the process of looking at how we can improve the immigration system to see how can we move rapidly. ... It is a priority for us to have an immigration system that works, and that is always what we are going to try to do.”

Many of those who seek asylum or refugee status in Canada are from Colombia, Eritrea, Haiti, Nicaragua or Turkey.