伊朗国家电视台：夜间骚乱中有9人丧生

伊朗国家电视台星期二说，在彻夜的反政府示威中，又有9人被打死。自从上星期伊朗开始发生抗议经济状况的示威以来，丧生人数已超过20人。

报道说，在卡德利詹警察局，骚乱者试图盗取枪支，有6个人在冲突中丧生。在纳亚法巴德，一名警察丧生。

伊朗总统鲁哈尼星期一誓言保安部队将对骚乱者和违法者做出反应。

自从抗议星期四从马什哈德开始，然后蔓延到其它城市以来，已经有数百人被逮捕。

示威者因为高失业率和食品价格上涨等经济困难对政府不满而走上街头。

鲁哈尼总统在对议会领导人的讲话中抨击美国、以色列、沙特阿拉伯等国家对伊朗的骚乱推波助澜。

美国总统川普星期一在推特上发文支持伊朗抗议者，说现在到了伊朗应该改变的时刻。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡称抗议者“勇敢”、“英勇”，并祝愿他们在追求自由这个崇高目标的努力中取得成功。

英国外交大臣约翰逊说，英国政府对抗议中有人丧生表示遗憾，呼吁所有各方保持克制。

Iranian State TV: 9 Killed in Overnight Unrest

Iranian state television said Tuesday another nine people were killed overnight during anti-government protests, raising the overall death toll to more than 20 killed since the demonstrations against economic conditions in the country began late last week.

According to the report, six people were killed at a police station in the town of Qahdarijan in clashes that began as rioters tried to steal guns. In Najafabad, a police officer was killed.

President Hassan Rouhani vowed Monday that security forces would "respond to rioters and lawbreakers."

Hundreds of demonstrators have been arrested since the protests began Thursday in Mashhad before spreading to other parts of the country.

Those rallying against the government are upset with economic difficulties such as high unemployment and rising food prices.

In a speech to parliamentary leaders, Rouhani lashed out at foreign countries, including the United States, Israel and Saudi Arabia, for allegedly fomenting unrest in Iran.

U.S. President Donald Trump expressed support for the protests in a Twitter comment Monday, saying it is "time for change" in Iran.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the protesters "brave" and "heroic," while wishing them "success in their noble quest for freedom."

British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said his government regrets "the loss of life that has occurred in the protests" and called on all parties to refrain from violence.

韩国提议与朝鲜举行高层会谈

韩国提出与对手朝鲜举行高层对话，商讨朝鲜参加将在韩国举行的冬季奥运会的可能。

韩国统一部长官赵明均星期二说，韩国希望一星期后在分割朝鲜半岛南北方的非军事区的板门店停战村与朝鲜外交官会谈。这将是2015年12月以来首尔和平壤之间的第一次高层会谈。

韩国建议会谈前一天，朝鲜领导人金正恩在他的新年讲话中宣布他考虑派遣运动队参加下个月在平昌举行的冬奥会。

韩国总统文在寅对金正恩的建议表示欢迎，但是说，朝鲜必须首先放弃核武器计划，然后朝鲜和韩国之间的关系才可能改善。

South Korea Offers Talks with rival North over Winter Olympics

South Korea is offering to hold high-level talks with bitter rival North Korea over the possibility of the North participating in the upcoming Winter Olympics being held in South Korea.

Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon said Tuesday Seoul wants to meet North Korean diplomats in exactly one week in the truce village of Panmunjom, located in the demilitarized zone that separates the North and South. The meeting would be the first high-level talks between Seoul and Pyongyang since December 2015.

Seoul's offer comes one day after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un used his annual New Year's Day address to announce he is considering sending a team to take part in next month's Olympic games in Pyeongchang.

South Korean President Moon Jae-in welcomed Kim's suggestion, but said any improvements in North and South relations must occur in tandem with Pyongyang abandoning its nuclear weapons program.