比利时：周二袭击为恐怖活动

比利时检察官周三表示，周二在比利时列日市发生的一名男子杀害三人的事件是恐怖主义行为。

涉嫌凶手本杰明·赫尔曼多次从背后持刀刺伤两名女警察，然后夺过她们的手枪在她们倒地后将她们开枪打死。赫尔曼还枪杀了在一辆路过汽车里的乘客。在警察将他击毙之前，他还在附近一所学校劫持至少一名女性人质。

调查人员表示，赫尔曼的做法在伊斯兰国组织的在线视频中受到鼓励。

检察官说，赫尔曼在滥杀时多次高叫“真主伟大”。

比利时自2015年1月以来一直处于高度警戒状态，当时警方破获了列日市附近一个小镇的恐怖活动小组，这个小组正密谋袭击警察。该小组也与2015年11月巴黎发生的伊斯兰国袭击事件的主谋有关。那次袭击造成130人死亡。

2016年3月，伊斯兰国组织的自杀式杀手袭击了布鲁塞尔的一个机场和地铁站，造成32人死亡。

Belgium Calls Tuesday’s Attack a Terrorist Act

A man who murdered three people Tuesday in the Belgium city of Liege engaged in an act of terrorism, prosecutors said Wednesday.

Benjamin Herman repeatedly stabbed two female officers with a knife from behind before seizing their handguns and shooting them as they laid on the ground. Herman also shot to death a man who was a passenger in a passing car. Police fatally shot Herman after taking at least one woman hostage at a nearby school.

Investigators said Herman's methods were encouraged in online videos produced by the Islamic State militant group.

Prosecutors said Herman yelled "Allahu akbar," an Arabic expression for "God is great" several times during the killing spree.

Belgium has been on high alert since January 2015, when authorities neutralized a terror cell in a town near Liege that was plotting an attack on police. The cell was linked to the mastermind of the November 2015 IS attacks on Paris that killed 130 people.

In March 2016, IS suicide attackers targeted a Brussels airport and subway station, killing 32 people.

伊朗迫害宗教少数派的报道令美国“万分震惊”

川普行政当局对有关伊朗政府迫害宗教少数派的报道感到万分震惊。

美国的国际宗教自由无任所大使布朗贝克星期二在美国国务院说，令人震惊的报道显示，什叶派穆斯林占多数的伊朗迫害非什叶派穆斯林以及那些不信奉政府强加于他们的宗教信仰的人。

布朗贝克在公布国务院的2017年国际宗教自由报告时发表了以上讲话。

报告中有关伊朗的部分说，伊朗的什叶派穆斯林政权继续以“主罪（enmity against God）”将人处决，包括去年12月在厄尔布尔士省处决4名囚犯以及去年9月在克尔曼省处决4名男子。

美国的国际宗教自由报告说，德黑兰政权继续骚扰、审讯、和逮捕巴哈伊信徒、基督徒、逊尼派穆斯林和其它宗教少数派人士，并在官方声明中使用反犹太和反巴哈伊的措辞。

报告还说，伊朗少数宗教的信徒，尤其是巴哈伊信徒，继续面临社会歧视和骚扰，雇主面临不要雇佣巴哈伊信徒的压力，或是将他们解雇。

US “Horrified” by Reports of Iran Persecuting Religious Minorities

The Trump administration says it is horrified by reports of Iranian government persecution of religious minorities in the Islamist-ruled nation.

Speaking Tuesday at the U.S. State Department, U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom Sam Brownback said the “horrific” reports relate to what he called Iran’s persecution of people who are not part of its Shiite majority and who do not practice religion as the government directs.

He made the comments as he presented the State Department’s 2017 International Religious Freedom Report.

The annual report’s section on Iran said its Islamist rulers continued to execute people on charges of “moharebeh” or “enmity against God,” including four prisoners in Alborz province in December and four men in Kerman province in September.

The U.S. report said Tehran also continued to harass, interrogate and arrest Baha’is, Christians, Sunni Muslims and other religious minorities and to use anti-Semitic and anti-Baha’i rhetoric in official statements.

The report said members of religious minorities – especially Baha’is – continued to face societal discrimination and harassment, with employers experiencing social pressures not to hire Baha’is or to dismiss them from their jobs.