美特勤局截获送往克林顿、奥巴马的可疑包裹

美国特勤局表示已截获两个装有“可能爆炸装置”的可疑包裹，收件人一个是前总统奥巴马，另一个是前国务卿希拉里克林顿。

几个小时后，美国有线电视新闻网CNN在纽约时代华纳中心的演播室周三早上疏散，之前在那里的邮件室发现可疑包裹。市警察局炸弹小组将一个装在信封里的装置用一辆特殊卡车从现场安全运走。

特勤局表示，给希拉里的包裹于周二晚些时候被发现，是在她纽约郊区的家附近的一次邮件检查中被截获，希拉里与丈夫、前总统比尔克林顿住在那里。

特勤局的消息说，收件人为奥巴马的第二个包裹在位于华盛顿特区的一处军事基地的一个检查设施中被截获。

星期一，在亿万富翁索罗斯位于纽约州的住宅外的邮箱中也发现了一个爆炸装置，索罗斯是民主党人的主要捐助者。媒体引用官员的话说，这三个新发现的装置的组装手法看起来差不多。

美国副总统彭斯在推特上谴责这起针对奥巴马、克林顿夫妇、美国有线电视新闻网以及其他人的“袭击未遂事件”，并“誓言”将肇事者绳之以法。”特朗普总统也发推称他”完全“同意彭斯的评论。

Secret Service Intercepts Suspicious Packages Sent to Clintons, Obama

The U.S. Secret Service says it has intercepted two suspicious packages with “possible explosive devices,” one of them addressed to former President Barack Obama and the other to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

Within hours, the Time Warner Center in New York, where news network CNN has studios, was evacuated Wednesday morning after a suspicious package was found in the mail room there. A device that was contained in an envelope was safely transported from the site in a special truck by the city’s police department bomb squad.

The Secret Service says the package addressed to Clinton was discovered late Tuesday, intercepted at a mail screening facility near her home in a New York suburb where she lives with her husband, former President Bill Clinton.

A second package, according to the Secret Service, addressed to Obama was intercepted at a screening facility at a military facility in Washington, D.C.

An explosive device was found on Monday in a mail box outside the home in the state of New York of billionaire philanthropist George Soros, a major donor to Democratic candidates. Media reports, quoting officials, say all three newly discovered devices appear similar in construction.

Vice President Mike Pence, on Twitter, condemned “the attempted attacks” on Obama, the Clintons, CNN and others” and vowed “those responsible would be brought to justice.” Trump tweeted that he "wholeheartedly" agreed with Pence's comments.

美国将不派高官参加中国投资博览会

美国大使馆周三表示，美国将不会派出高级官员参加下个月在中国举行的中国国际进口博览会，此举突显了世界两大经济体之间贸易摩擦加剧。

美国大使馆一位发言人在不愿透露姓名的情况下表示，“中国需要进行必要的改革，结束损害世界经济的不公平做法，”。

这位官员对美联社说，“美国政府目前没有派政府高层参加”这一博览会的计划。他说， “我们鼓励中国为美国商品和服务提供公平竞争的环境。”

官方媒体报道，定于11月5日至10日在上海金融中心举办的首届中国国际进口博览会吸引了来自130个国家的2800多家公司。

博览会旨在宣传中国作为外国商品市场的重要性，以及近期鼓励贸易和投资的举措。与此同时，中国正因歧视外国公司并不公平地要求他们交出关键技术而受到指责。

No US High-ranking Officials to Attend China Investment Fair

The U.S. will not send a high-ranking official to attend a major investment fair in China next month, the U.S. Embassy said Wednesday, in a move underscoring worsening trade frictions between the world's two largest economies.

"China needs to make the necessary reforms to end its unfair practices that are harming the world economy," an embassy spokesperson said, speaking on routine condition of anonymity.

"The U.S. government has no current plans for high-level U.S. government participation" in the expo, the official told The Associated Press. "We encourage China to level the playing the field for U.S. goods and services."

State media reported the first-ever China International Import Expo scheduled for Nov. 5-10 in the financial hub of Shanghai has attracted more than 2,800 companies from 130 nations.

The fair aims to advertise China's importance as a market for foreign goods and recent moves to encourage trade and investment amid accusations that it discriminates against foreign companies and unfairly demands they hand over crucial technology.