美中对彼此出口产品互征关税

中国周五表示，在华盛顿对价值340亿美元、800多个类别的中国进口产品开征新关税后，中国“不得不被迫做出必要反击”，对美国进口产品加征同等力度的关税。

据中国官方新华社报道，中国称对545类价值340亿美元的美国产品实施报复性关税，“包括农产品、汽车和水产品”，但是没有详细说明。

官方的中央电视台报道说，中国外交部发言人陆慷说，中国“理所当然”做出反击，他说美国的关税“打击全球贸易秩序、引发全球市场动荡、阻碍全球经济复苏”。

他还警告说，消费者和小企业将受到不利影响，美国企业和人民也越来越意识到即将受到巨大危害。

中国商务部发言人高峰星期四告诉记者说，中国征税的目标产品中包括约200亿美元的商品是外资支持的，其中有很大一部分是美国投资。

US, China Slap Tariffs On Each Other's Exports

China said Friday it was "forced to take a necessary counterattack" and responded in kind to the United States after Washington placed tariffs on 800 Chinese import products valued at $34 billion.

China said it applied retaliatory tariffs on 545 U.S. items, also worth $34 billion, "including agricultural products, vehicles and aquatic products," China's state-run Xinhua News Agency reported.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China is "completely justified" in its response to the U.S. tariffs, which he said "will disturb the global trade order, cause turbulence on the global market, and hamper world economic recovery," according to Chinese broadcaster CCTV.

Lu warned that consumers and small business would be adversely affected, noting that, "Enterprises and people in the U.S. are also increasingly realizing the great harm ahead."

China's Ministry of Commerce spokesman Gao Feng told reporters Thursday that about $20 billion of the U.S. goods China targeted are backed by foreign investors, including a significant portion from the U.S.

争议声中彭斯副总统访移民局

在针对美国移民及海关执法局(ICE)的一片抗议声浪中，美国副总统彭斯星期五访问该机构总部，他与川普总统一样赞扬了移民执法工作，并宣布白宫全面支持ICE。

美国移民及海关执法局(ICE)成立于2003年，隶属当时新设立的美国国土安全部。根据《纽约时报》的说法，在奥巴马总统执政期间，ICE、特别是负责拘捕和遣返美国境内非法移民的执法与递解行动处主要关心的是递解那些已经犯有“严重罪行”的人。

但是在移民问题上持强硬立场的川普总统扩大了该机构的执法范围，批准他们抓捕任何没有恰当文件而非法滞留美国的人，不管这些人是否有犯罪记录。

几名民主党领袖人物，包括来自纽约的吉利布兰德参议员和来自麻萨诸塞州的沃伦参议员最近呼吁取消ICE。她们两人都被视为是有可能在2020年代表民主党竞选总统的人。

沃伦星期六在脸书上说：“总统采取的很不道德的行动表明，我们需要自上而下重建我们的移民制度，先要以反映我们价值观的机构取代ICE。”

吉利布兰德称该机构是“遣返队”。

星期五，彭斯谴责了这些说法。他一再称该机构的员工是“英雄”。

彭斯对ICE雇员说，他们可以放心，川普政府“永远也不会取消ICE”。他提到了ICE打击美国国内犯罪帮派、特别是MS-13团伙的努力。

Amid Controversy, VP Pence Visits ICE

Amid a wave of backlash against the agency, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Friday visited the headquarters of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, echoing President Donald Trump's praise and proclaiming the administration's full support of the agency.

ICE was established in 2003, under the then-new U.S. Department of Homeland Security. During the administration of President Barack Obama, ICE — particularly its Enforcement and Removal Operations department, which is charged with detaining and deporting illegal immigrants inside the U.S. — was primarily concerned with the removal of illegal immigrants, who already had committed "serious crimes," according to The New York Times.

Yet President Trump, an immigration hardliner, has expanded the agency's scope, authorizing them to go after anyone who is in the country without the proper documentation — therefore illegally — regardless of criminal record.

Several leading Democrats, including U.S. Senators Kirsten Gillibrand of New York and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, have in recent weeks called for the abolition of ICE. Both Warren and Gillibrand are thought of as potential candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 2020 election.

"The President's deeply immoral actions have made it obvious that we need to rebuild our immigration system from top to bottom, starting by replacing ICE with something that reflects our values," Warren wrote in a Facebook post Saturday.

Gillibrand called the agency a "deportation force."

On Friday, Pence decried these claims, repeatedly calling the agency's employees "heroes."

Pence assured the agency's employees that the Trump administration "would never abolish ICE," citing the organization's efforts in curbing gang crime within the country, particularly from MS-13.