美国的百万富翁都住在哪里？

美国人口中占5.8%的720万个家庭可以称作百万富翁。这些家庭除了房产、退休金和商业合伙人股份之外，还有至少100万美元。

美国的商业预测和个人理财出版商吉普林与菲尼克斯国际营销公司对人口5万以上的933个城区联合进行了一项调查，统计有多少百万富翁。

结果显示，康涅狄克州的布里奇波特-斯坦福德-诺沃克地区的百万富翁人数最多，有31,506人，占当地居民的9%。那里不仅靠近纽约市，也是一些对冲基金和知名公司的总部所在地，包括普里斯林（Priceline）母公司和施乐公司。这足以让康州这块地方的富翁人数超过硅谷。

加州的圣何塞、桑尼维尔以及硅谷所在的圣克拉拉地区名列第二，那里9%的家庭、共61,264户为百万富翁。那里是一些全球最大的科技公司所在地，谷歌、苹果和脸书的总部都在附近。

排名第三的是首都华盛顿地区。华盛顿特区及近郊的一些县吸引了受过高等教育、寻求有影响力的工作的美国人。这里有206,361个百万富翁家庭，占大约230万户家庭的8.9%。

Where America's Millionaires Live

About 5.8 percent of the population — 7.2 million households — qualify as millionaires, meaning that they have at least $1 million laying around, excluding their real estate holdings, retirement plans and business partnerships.

Kiplinger, publisher of business forecasts and personal finance advice, partnered with Phoenix Marketing International to figure out how many millionaires live in 933 urban areas with populations of at least 50,000 residents.

The Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk area of Connecticut takes the top spot. About 9 percent of its residents — 31,506 of the people who live there — can call themselves millionaires.

Not only is this part of Connecticut close to New York City, but the enclave is also home to a number of hedge funds and prominent companies, including Priceline's parent company, and the Xerox Corporation. These attributes are enough to give this tony Connecticut locality an edge over Silicon Valley.

The California regions of San Jose, Sunnyvale and Santa Clara, which includes Silicon Valley, comes in second with 61,264 millionaire households — 9 percent of all households. The area is home to some of the biggest tech companies in the world, and Google, Apple and Facebook are nearby.

The nation's capital slides into the third spot. Washington, D.C., and its suburbs draw highly educated Americans looking for influential jobs. The 206,361 millionaire households in the region account for 8.9 percent of D.C.'s 2.3 million households.

非洲国家望借中国论坛得到更好交易

非洲国家领导人下星期在北京参加2018年中非合作论坛时将与中国签署价值数十亿美元的合同，涉及基建、商业和开发项目。迄今为止，中国已经向非洲国家提供了1420亿美元的贷款，今年的论坛将进一步加强中国与非洲的金融联系。

美国政界人士对他们所说的非洲过度依赖中国资金提出警告。不过，一些研究中国与非洲关系的分析人士认为，论坛也提供了新的机会，让非洲国家领导人谈判达成更符合本国利益的协议。

美国约翰霍普金斯大学中国非洲研究项目8月早些时候发表的报告显示，中国的贷款总体来说只占非洲总债务中的一小部分。中国的贷款往往带有优惠条件，包括在某些情况下的零利息。但他们融资的项目是有目的。

一些分析人士指出，这些融资合同往往缺乏透明度，给腐败造成可乘之机。

For African Countries, Upcoming China Forum Provides Shot at Better Deals

When African leaders meet next week in Beijing for the 2018 Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, they’ll strike million- and billion-dollar deals for infrastructure, business, and development projects.

To date, China has made more than $142 billion in loans to African countries, and this year’s forum will deepen those financial ties.

But U.S. politicians are ringing alarms about over-reliance on Chinese financing, while analysts who study Sino-Africa relations see fresh opportunities for African leaders to negotiate deals that better serve their countries’ interests.

On the whole, China accounts for a small portion of Africa’s overall debt burden, according to research published this month by the China Africa Research Initiative at Johns Hopkins University。

But Chinese loans often come with preferential terms, including zero-interest financing in some cases. And the projects they’re financing serve a purpose.

Analyists also pointed out that the deals are often opaque, and that can feed corruption.