美、韩将缩减2019年军事演习

美国周三表示将在明年缩减与韩国的军事演习，这样美韩军演就不会妨碍结束朝鲜核武器计划的外交努力。

美国国防部长马蒂斯说，与首尔举行的名为“秃鹫”的军事演习每年春天在韩国进行，但2019年将“缩小规模”。

他没有详细说明将如何缩小演习规模，但表示这是两个盟国在美朝之间就平壤的核武器计划谈判陷入停滞后为鼓励进一步谈判而作出的努力。

马蒂斯说，“‘秃鹫’演习正在进行一些重组，以维持在不伤害外交努力的水平。”朝鲜一直反对美韩演习，将其视为对朝鲜作为一个国家存在的威胁。

朝鲜领导人金正恩与美国总统特朗普6月份在新加坡举行的峰会上就结束平壤的核武器计划达成一致。但自那时以来，有关朝鲜解除其核武库的方式和时间的谈判进展放缓。

特朗普政府表示希望在总统在2021年1月的第一个任期结束前取消掉朝鲜的核武器计划。

特朗普已经表示可能会再次与金正恩举行峰会，但没有宣布会议的日期或地点。

US, South Korea to Scale Back 2019 Military Exercises

The U.S. said Wednesday it will scale back military exercises with South Korea next year, so the war games are not a hindrance to diplomacy over ending North Korea's nuclear weapons program.

U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said the exercises with Seoul, called Foal Eagle, are conducted each spring in South Korea, but will be "reduced in scope" in 2019.

He gave no details of how the exercises will be downsized, but said the reduced scope was an effort by the two allies to encourage further negotiations in the stalled talks between the U.S. and North Korea over Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program.

"Foal Eagle is being reorganized a bit to keep it at a level that will not be harmful to diplomacy," Mattis said. North Korea has frequently objected to the U.S.-South Korean exercises, viewing them as a threat to its existence as a nation.

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un agreed at a June summit with U.S. President Donald Trump in Singapore to end Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program. But since then negotiations have slowed over how and when North Korea would dismantle its nuclear arsenal.

The Trump administration has said it hopes North Korea's nuclear weapons program will have been shut down by the end of Trump's first term in the White House in January 2021.

Trump has said that another summit with Kim could take place, but no date or place for such a meeting has been announced.

庆祝感恩节的其他国家

美国并不是唯一一个庆祝感恩节的国家。其他像加拿大、格林纳达、利比里亚、日本和德国也有庆祝活动。

在加拿大，这个国定假日定在每年10月的第二个星期一。

在格林纳达，感恩节是在10月25号。纪念美国领导的联军在1883年那天进入格林纳达，恢复了该国的政治稳定。

利比里亚的感恩节是每年11月的第一个星期四， 它遵循与美国感恩节相同的传统。

在日本，劳动感恩节总是在11月23日举行。这个节日开始时是一个秋季节日，也是为了庆祝日本工人。

在德国，感恩节是10月的第一个星期天。 它的起源是丰收庆祝活动，但今天主要是作为一个宗教节日庆祝。

Other Countries that Celebrate Thanksgiving

The United States isn't the only nation to mark Thanksgiving; similar celebrations are held in Canada, Grenada, Liberia, Japan and Germany.

In Canada, the national holiday takes place on the second Monday of October.

In Grenada, Thanksgiving Day is celebrated October 25. It commemorates the anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Grenada, which began on that day in 1983 and resulted in the restoration of political stability in the country.

In Liberia, Thanksgiving is celebrated on the first Thursday of November. It follows the same traditions as Thanksgiving Day in the United States.

In Japan, Labor Thanksgiving Day always takes place November 23. The holiday, which began as a fall festival, also celebrates Japanese workers.

In Germany, Thanksgiving, or Erntedank, is celebrated the first Sunday in October. It has roots as a harvest celebration, but is celebrated mainly as a religious holiday today.