川普对进口太阳能电池板和洗衣机征收高额关税

美国总统川普星期一对进口太阳能电池板和洗衣机征收高额关税，以保护美国制造商。

美国贸易代表办公室向川普总统提出了增收关税的建议。

美国贸易代表办公室说，独立于政府的美国国际贸易委员会认定，这类产品的进口对美国国内制造厂商造成实质性的严重伤害。

美国贸易代表莱特赫泽星期一说：“总统的行动再次明确表明，川普行政当局将永远保护美国工人、农牧场主和公司。”

川普多次誓言要对中国和其它出口国采取严厉措施，他说，这些国家不公平地与美国制造商竞争。

对太阳能电池板征收的关税将从30%开始，以后会逐渐下调。

Trump Slaps Stiff Taxes on Imported Solar Cells, Washing Machines

President Donald Trump imposed stiff tariffs on imported solar panels and washing machines Monday, aiming to protect U.S. manufacturers.

The U.S. Trade Representative's office made the recommendation to the president for the tariffs.

It said the independent U.S. International Trade Commission found that such imports were a "substantial cause of serious injury to domestic manufacturers."

"The president's actions make clear again that the Trump administration will always defend American workers, farmers, ranchers and businesses," U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said Monday.

Trump has often promised to get tough with China and other exporters that he says compete unfairly with U.S. manufacturers.

The tariffs start out at 30 percent on solar panels and decline over time.

彭斯：美国大使馆2019年迁到耶路撒冷

美国副总统彭斯宣布2019年年底之前把美国大使馆迁到耶路撒冷后，星期二会见以色列总统，还要参观一个大屠杀纪念中心和西墙，随后结束对中东的4天访问。

川普总统承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都的决定背离了美国多年的政策，即耶路撒冷的地位应有以色列和巴勒斯坦人通过谈判解决。

美国国务卿蒂勒森曾经表示，搬迁美国驻以色列大使馆需要多年的时间。但是国务院发言人诺尔特星期一证实，川普政府将加速推进在耶路撒冷开馆的工作，年底开始办公。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡感谢川普总统和彭斯副总统所做的”历史性声明”，并宣称美国和以色列的关系“比以往任何时候都要牢固”。

巴勒斯坦领导人猛烈批评川普总统的决定。彭斯总统在以色列议会讲话时，一些阿拉伯议员进行抗议，打出了“耶路撒冷是巴勒斯坦首都”的标语。随后他们都被带出会场。

Pence: U.S. Embassy to Move to Jerusalem in 2019

After announcing the United States would move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem by the end of 2019, Vice President Mike Pence wraps up a four-day Middle East trip Tuesday by meeting with Israel's president and making visits to a Holocaust remembrance center and the Western Wall.

Trump's decision parted from longstanding U.S. policy that left the status of Jerusalem as an issue to be resolved during negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had previously said the embassy relocation would likely take years. But on Monday, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert confirmed the administration "will advance its plan to open the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem and will open the embassy before the end of the year."

Netanyahu thanked Trump and Pence for what he called the "historic statement" and declared the U.S.-Israel relationship has "never been stronger."

Palestinian leaders have been sharply critical of Trump's decision. A group of Arab lawmakers greeted Pence's Knesset speech with protests and signs that said, Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine," before being removed from the chamber.