朝鲜煤炭“流入”韩国令专家们担忧

首尔宣布有韩国公司非法从朝鲜进口煤之后，美国专家对朝鲜绕过国际制裁进行贸易感到担心。

韩国海关8月早些时候宣布，3家韩国公司非法购买了在俄罗斯港口中转的朝鲜煤，违反了联合国的制裁决议。

联合国安理会2017年8月5日通过决议，禁止朝鲜出口煤、铁、铅等物品。随后，当年12月22日通过决议，要求联合国成员国截获和检查怀疑运载违禁物品的船只。

韩国海关说，去年4月到10月，3家韩国公司总共购买7批朝鲜的煤和生铁，总量3万5千38吨，总值581亿美元。

韩国政府准备起诉这3家非法进口朝鲜货物的公司。这些公司伪造了海关文件，称这些煤和生铁来自俄罗斯。

制裁专家说，韩国公司非法进口朝鲜货物，严重违反了联合国的制裁决议，联合国的朝鲜问题专家组可能会进一步调查那些把朝鲜货物运到韩国的船只。

‘Leakage’ of Coal From North to South Korea Worries Experts

Following Seoul's announcement that South Korean companies have illegally imported North Korean coal, U.S. experts are worried about North Korean trade that contravenes international sanctions.

The Korea Customs Service (KCS) announced earlier this month that three South Korean companies illegally imported North Korean coal that was transshipped at Russian ports, in violation of United Nations resolutions.

The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution on August 5, 2017, banning North Korea from exporting coal, iron, lead and other materials. Another resolution later that year, on December 22, called for U.N. members to seize and inspect vessels suspected of transporting prohibited items.

According to the KCS, in seven shipments between April and October of last year, three South Korean companies imported a total of 35,038 tons of North Korean coal and pig iron with a combined worth of $5.81 million.

The South Korean government is now seeking the prosecution of the three companies for the illicit import of the materials and forging customs documents to state the coal and pig iron were of Russian origin.

Sanctions experts said South Korea’s illegal import of banned North Korean coal is a major violation of U.N. sanctions and that the U.N. panel of experts on North Korea may want to try to further investigate the ships that transported the coal to South Korea.

脸书和推特删除来自俄罗斯和伊朗的账号

社交媒体巨头脸书和推特说，他们在美国中期选举之前移除了数以百计与俄罗斯和伊朗有关联的页面和账号。

脸书说，它移除了从伊朗注册的254个脸书页面和116个Instagram账号。这些页面和账号曾参与针对包括英国和美国在内的很多国家发布不实信息的活动。

这些社交媒体公司得到美国网络安全公司“火眼”提供的信息后采取了行动。火眼公司星期二说，这些账号宣传伊朗的主张，包括有关“反沙特阿拉伯、反以色列和亲巴勒斯坦”的讨论。

脸书公司几星期前移除了从俄罗斯注册的若干含不实信息页面。脸书星期二说，又发现并移除了更多类似页面。不过脸书公司说，这些俄罗斯页面看来与伊朗的页面没有联系。

推特公司星期二说，它确认并移除了“联合散布不实信息”的284个账号，这些账号“看来始于伊朗”。

微软公司此前宣布，微软已经控制了一些试图侵入美国一些保守派智囊和参议院的网站。

微软公司说，它根据一项法院命令，控制了与2016年入侵美国民主党全国委员会的组织有关的6个网站。

Facebook, Twitter Remove Accounts Linked to Iran, Russia

Social media giants Facebook and Twitter said they have removed hundreds of pages and accounts linked to Russia and Iran ahead of the midterm elections in the U.S.

Facebook said it had removed 254 Facebook pages and 116 Instagram accounts that originated in Iran and were part of a disinformation campaign that targeted countries around the world, including the U.S. and Britain.

The social media companies acted on a tip from cybersecurity firm FireEye, which said on Tuesday that the accounts were promoting Iranian propaganda, including discussion of "anti-Saudi, anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian themes."

The removals comes weeks after the company took down several pages of disinformation originating in Russia. On Tuesday, Facebook said it had found more such pages and had removed them. But the company said the Russian pages don't appear to be linked to the ones originating in Iran.

Also Tuesday, Twitter said it had identified and removed 284 accounts for "engaging in coordinated manipulation" that it said "appeared to have originated in Iran."

The announcements come after Microsoft said it had taken control of websites it said were trying to hack into conservative American think tanks and the U.S. Senate.

Microsoft said it executed a court order to gain control of six websites linked to the group behind the 2016 hack of the Democratic National Committee.