习近平在上合组织会议讲话暗讽七国峰会

上海合作组织召开自从印度和巴基斯坦加入之后的第一次会议。观察人士广泛认为上合组织是为了阻止美国在中亚的影响。

上合组织的发起国是中国、俄罗斯、哈萨克斯坦、乌兹别克斯坦和塔吉克斯坦。上合组织的这次峰会在中国东部沿海城市青岛举行。

中国国家主席习近平星期天在峰会的开幕致辞中说：“我们要秉持开放、融通、互利、共赢的合作观，拒绝自私自利、短视封闭的狭隘政策，维护世界贸易组织规则，支持多边贸易体制，构建开放型世界经济。”

政治分析人士认为，习近平的讲话几乎不加掩饰地指向最近在加拿大召开的7国集团峰会。

美国和盟国意见分歧，贸易紧张关系升温。美国总统参加7国峰会之后说，加拿大总理特鲁多“不诚实和虚弱”。

川普总统还指示美国代表不签署7国集团首脑会议公报。

XI Takes Swipe at G-7 Summit In SCO Remarks

The Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) is holding its first summit since India and Pakistan joined the bloc which is widely seem by observers as a means for blocking American influence in Central Asia.

The founding members of the alliance are China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan. The summit is being held in the eastern Chinese coastal city of Qingdao.

Chinese President Xi Jingping told the group in opening remarks Sunday, "We should reject selfish, short-sighted, narrow and closed-
off policies.We must maintain the rules of the World Trade Organization, support the multilateral trade system and build an open global economy."

Political analysts see the Chinese leader's remarks as a thinly veiled reference to the chaos at the recent G-7 summit in Canada where the U.S. and its allies were divided by escalating trade tensions.

After leaving the G-7 meeting, U.S. President Donald Trump described Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as "meek and mild" and "dishonest & weak."

Trump also withdrew his endorsement of the G-7 summit's communique.

世界多方为改善女性接受教育筹资近

加拿大总理特鲁多星期六宣布，为资助全世界处于弱势的女孩和妇女的教育筹集到了将近30亿美元。加拿大将出资3亿美元。其它出资方包括德国、日本、英国和世界银行。

特鲁多总理在魁北克的G-7国集团峰会最后一天做出以上宣布。

7国峰会间隙与特鲁多会面的妇女团体欢迎各方慷慨捐赠的消息，称所筹资金超过了她们的预期。

Girls Education Fund Announced at G-7

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Saturday that nearly $3 billion in pledges has been raised to help fund the education of vulnerable girls and women around the world.

Canada will contribute $300 million to the campaign. Germany, Japan, Britain and the World Bank are among the additional supporters.

The prime minister made the announcement on the last day of the G-7 summit which was held in Quebec.

Women's groups that had met with Trudeau on the sidelines of the summit welcomed the news of the generous pledges that exceeded the groups' expectations.