美印高层会晤讨论两个棘手问题

美国和印度两国高层领导人星期四在新德里举行首次“二加二”对话，努力深化双方密切的国防关系。

美、印是世界上最大的两个民主国家，双方有许多共同点，包括遏制中国的愿望。但美国对印度进口伊朗石油以及购买俄罗斯导弹防御系统的计划有不同意见。

美国国防部长马蒂斯在前往印度途中证实将讨论俄罗斯的导弹防御系统问题，但他表示共同的价值观将使得两国能够处理任何“大幅波动，但不会引起预警”。

马蒂斯说，“自由意味着有时国家间彼此意见不一。这并不意味着我们不能成为合作伙伴，也不意味着我们不尊重其他国家的主权“。

这次高层会谈还将包括美国国务卿蓬佩奥，印度国防部长西塔拉曼和外长斯瓦拉吉。

印度的大多数武器都来自俄罗斯，这是印度与前苏联在冷战时期的合作遗留下来的。

美国官员表示，理解印度为维护这些武器而需要与俄罗斯保持防御关系，不过他们希望说服印度在未来购买更多的美国武器。

美国官员也表示在印度购买伊朗原油的问题上有较大灵活性。

从11月4日开始，任何购买伊朗石油的国家都可能因美国单方面撤出伊朗核协议后恢复制裁而面临经济惩罚。

但国务院一位高级官员表示，制裁将基于“个案处理”。

美印“二加二”会议计划于去年4月举行，但在美国前国务卿蒂勒森离职后被推迟。今年6月蓬佩奥临时赶赴朝鲜之后又第二次延期。

US, India Hold Meeting With 2 Sticking Points

The United States and India will try to expand already close defense ties when senior leaders from both countries meet for their first “two plus two” dialogue Thursday in New Delhi.

The world’s two largest democracies, the United States and India, have a lot in common, including a desire to contain China. But the United States takes issue with India buying oil from Iran and its planned acquisition of a Russian missile defense system.

On his way to India, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis confirmed he will discuss the Russian missile defense system, but said shared values will allow the two countries to handle any “perturbations in stride, without alarm.”

“Freedom means that at times nations don’t agree with each other. That doesn’t mean we can’t be partners. That doesn’t mean we don’t respect the sovereignty of other nations,” Mattis said.

The talks will also include U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, Indian Defense Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, and Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.

Most of India’s weapons are Russian-made, a legacy of India’s Cold War relationship with the Soviet Union.

While U.S. officials say they understand India’s need to keep defense ties with Russia in order to maintain those weapons, they aim to convince India to buy more U.S. weapons in the future.

U.S. officials are also signaling more flexibility on India’s purchase of Iranian crude oil.

Starting November 4, any country buying Iranian oil could face financial penalties under sanctions reinstated after the United States unilaterally pulled out of the Iran nuclear deal.

But a senior State Department official said sanctions would be imposed on a “case-by-case” basis.

The “two plus two” meeting had been planned for last April, but was postponed after the departure of former U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. It was delayed a second time after Pompeo left in June on a last-minute trip to North Korea.

韩国代表团赴朝敲定南北峰会最后安排

韩国总统办公室说，韩国代表团周三与朝鲜领导人金正恩会面，并向他转交了一封文在寅总统给他的信。

以韩国国家安全顾问郑义荣率领的代表团星期三早些时候抵达平壤，为确定本月晚些时候在平壤举行文在寅与金正恩峰会的安排进行最后讨论。这将是两位领导人今年举行的第三次峰会。前两次都是在板门店（Panmunjon）举行的，那里是位于双方交界地区的停战村。

此时正值美国和朝鲜在平壤结束核武器和导弹发展计划的问题上越来越僵持不下之际。美国总统特朗普和金正恩曾于今年4月在新加坡举行的历史性峰会中达成协议。

这一僵局导致特朗普总统上个月取消国务卿蓬佩奥对朝鲜的访问。

South Korean Envoys delivers letter to North Korea's Kim Jong Un

South Korea's presidential office says a delegation personally met with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un Wednesday and delivered a letter addressed to him from President Moon Jae-in.

The delegation, led by Chung Eui-yong, President Moon's national security advisor, arrived in Pyongyang earlier in the day to finalize arrangements for a summit to be held in the North Korean capital later this month between Moon and Kim. The summit will be the third between Moon and Kim this year; the previous two were held in Panmunjon, the truce village in the border zone that separates the autocratic North from the democratic South.

The talks come amid a heated stalemate between the North and the United States over the pace of North Korea ending its nuclear and missile development programs, which the two sides agreed to during the historic meeting in April between Kim Jong Un and President Donald Trump in Singapore.

The impasse led President Trump to cancel Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's trip to North Korea last month.