纽约市为遏制全球变暖要与5大石油公司对薄公堂

纽约市在两条战线向矿物燃料产业开战。

民主党籍的纽约市长白思豪(Bill de Blasio)星期三宣布，纽约市政府控告5大石油公司对全球变暖负有责任，并卖掉纽约市退休基金中50亿美元的石油产业股份。

白思豪市长将石油公司比作烟草公司。烟草公司被指明知他们的产品有致命危险但仍然继续制造和销售。

被纽约市起诉的5家石油公司中，雪佛龙、埃克森美孚和壳牌三家公司说，诉讼没有道理，法庭不是抗击全球变暖的场所。英石油和康菲公司拒绝发表意见。

纽约市长白思豪和纽约市主计长斯静格（Scott Stringer）还宣布，从纽约市1890亿美元的雇员退休基金中出售在矿物燃料产业的50亿美元投资。

纽约州长科莫上个月宣布对州政府雇员退休基金做同样的调整。

美国和欧洲的一些城市、大学和全球基金也抛售了对石油公司的投资。

New York City Suing 5 Oil Companies Over Global Warming

New York City is making a move against the fossil fuel industry on two fronts.

Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio announced Wednesday the city is suing five big oil companies for global warming and divesting $5 billion in oil investments from the city's pension funds.

The mayor compared the oil companies to cigarette manufacturers, who knowingly made and marketed a product they knew was deadly.

Three of the five companies the city is suing -- Chevron, ExxonMobil and Shell -- said the lawsuit has no merit and that the courtroom is not the place to fight global warming. BP and ConocoPhillips declined to comment.

Mayor de Blasio and City Comptroller Scott Stringer also announced plans to sell off $5 billion in fossil fuel investments from the city's $189 billion pension fund for employees.

New York Governor Andrew Cuomo announced similar plans for the state pension funds last month.

Several other U.S. and European cities, universities and global funds have also sold off their oil company interests.

纽约管状炸弹嫌疑人面临指控

美国一个大陪审团对来自纽约市布鲁克林区27岁男子乌拉提出6项罪名的起诉。乌拉被指控2017年12月11号试图在纽约曼哈顿一个地铁站引爆一枚管状炸弹。

裁决书指控乌拉向伊斯兰国组织提供及试图提供实质支持。美国政府已将伊斯兰国组织认定为外国恐怖组织。指控还包括使用大规模杀伤性武器、在公共场所实施爆炸、以火或炸药毁坏财产、攻击公共交通系统、以及在暴力犯罪中使用毁灭性装置。

警察在爆炸现场附近找到了乌拉，发现他身上有爆炸的管状炸弹的零部件，包括一枚9伏电池、电线、塑料绑带、金属管、以及一个看似圣诞树装饰灯的物品。在这场靠近纽约港务局巴士总站的炸弹袭击中，乌拉是唯一受重伤的人。

大陪审团的裁定说，乌拉主动放弃了米兰达权利。这项权利是指在没有自己律师在场而被警察问话时有保持沉默的权利。

乌拉在接受警察问话时说，他制造了炸弹，并于2017年12月11号进行了炸弹攻击。他还说：“我是为伊斯兰国而这样做的。”

乌拉说，他在因特网上受到亲伊斯兰国组织信息的激励，接受了一段视频的号召。那段视频说，如果无法到海外参加伊斯兰国组织去打圣战，就应该在所在国发动攻击。

预计乌拉星期四将出庭，向法官陈述他是否认罪。

NYC Pipe Bomb Suspect Indicted

A U.S. grand jury has indicted 27-year-old Akayed Ullah of Brooklyn, New York, on six counts in connection with the attempted detonation of a pipe bomb in a Manhattan subway station on December 11, 2017.

The indictment charges Ullah with providing and attempting to provide material support to Islamic State, which has been designated a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government. It also includes one count of using a weapon of mass destruction; one count of bombing a place of public use; one count of destruction of property by fire or explosives; one count of conducting an attack against a mass transportation system; and one count of using a destructive device in a violent crime.

Ullah was found near the site of the blast with what appeared to police to be components of an exploded pipe bomb on his person -- including a 9-volt battery, wires, plastic zip ties, pieces of a metal pipe, and what appeared to be a Christmas tree lightbulb. He was the only person seriously injured in the attempted attack near the New York Port Authority bus terminal.

The indictment said he waived his Miranda rights, otherwise known as "the right to remain silent," when questioned by police without a lawyer present.

During his interview with police, the indictment said, Ullah said he constructed the pipe bomb and carried out the attack on December 11. He also said, "I did it for the Islamic State."

Ullah said he was inspired by pro-Islamic State materials he found online. He followed the advice of a video saying if would-be jihadists couldn't get overseas to join Islamic State, they should carry out attacks at home.

He said he carried out the attack partly because he was upset with U.S. policy toward the Middle East.

Ullah is expected to be brought before a judge on Thursday to plead guilty or not guilty.