推特：世界领导人账户享有特殊地位

社交媒体公司推特再次强调其立场，世界领导人的推特账户有特殊地位，抵制一些用户希望推特公司关闭美国总统川普的账户的要求。

推特公司星期五发博文说，即使世界领导人的推文引起争议，也不会关闭他们的账户，因为有必要促进有关公共政策的讨论。

推特公司说，关闭账户不会封闭任何世界领导人的声音，但是肯定会压制有关领导人言行的讨论。

推特公司此前曾表示，在决定是否删除推文前，首先要考虑推文是否具有新闻性质，是否涉及公共利益。

推特公司上个月开始实行新规定，删除包括煽动暴力的“仇恨”言论。

Twitter Says Accounts of World Leaders Have Special Status

Social media giant Twitter has reiterated its stance that accounts belonging to world leaders have special status, pushing back against calls from some users for the company to ban U.S. President Donald Trump.

In a blog post Friday, Twitter said it would not block the accounts of world leaders even if their statements are “controversial” because of a need to promote discussions about public policy.

It said such a move would also not silence a world leader, but it “would certainly hamper necessary discussion around their words and actions."

The company has previously said that it considers whether a post is newsworthy and of public interest before deciding whether or not to remove a tweet.

Last month, Twitter began enforcing new rules to remove “hateful” content on the network, including posts that promote violence.

美海军确认去年菲律宾海坠落的运输机位置

美国海军说，找到了去年11月在菲律宾海坠毁的运输机。坠机事件中有三名水手丧生。

美国海军的C-2A灰狗运输机在去年感恩节前一天执行例行飞行任务，从日本的一个美军基地运送人员及物资到里根号航空母舰时坠入海中。

深水打捞专家上个月前往出事地点。海军在一份声明中说，专家小组找到了飞机上的紧急信号发生器。

坠落的C-2A飞机在将近5500米深的海底。海军说，打捞行动将是迄今为止从最深的海底打捞飞机。

美国海军说，深水打捞专家小组将在数周内返回坠机地点，绘制飞机残骸位置图，并在残骸上安装打捞出水面所需的钢缆。海军说，将尽一切努力打捞出飞机以及牺牲的水手。

飞机坠毁的原因仍在调查之中。

Navy Locates Downed Aircraft in Philippine Sea

The U.S. Navy says it has located a transport plane that crashed in November into the Philippine Sea, killing three sailors.

The C-2A Greyhound aircraft plummeted into the sea while it was on a routine mission the day before Thanksgiving, taking passengers and cargo from a U.S. base in Japan to the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier.

Deep water salvage experts were deployed to the crash site last month. The Navy said in a statement that the team was able to locate the aircraft's emergency pinger.

The C-2A aircraft rests at a depth of about 18,500 feet, and the Navy said this makes the salvage phase of the operation "the deepest recovery attempt of an aircraft to date."

The Navy said the team will return to the crash site in the coming weeks to map the debris field and attach heavy lines for lifting the aircraft to the surface. "Every effort will be made to recover the aircraft and our fallen Sailors," the Navy said.

The cause of the crash is under investigation.