白宫医生放弃退伍军人事务部部长提名

随着国会调查有关白宫医生罗尼·杰克逊(Ronny Jackson)专业行为失当和酗酒的举报，被川普提名为美国退伍军人事务部部长的杰克逊周四宣布放弃提名。

杰克逊在宣布退出时称对他的指责是 “虚假指控”，但已经对川普总统改善美国退伍军人医疗保健的努力造成“干扰”。

川普总统在接受他最喜爱的新闻脱口秀节目“福克斯和朋友们”(Fox＆Friends)的采访中继续为他的个人医生杰克逊辩护，说“他领导的工作很出色。”

川普指责来自蒙塔纳州的民主党参议员乔恩·泰斯特尔导致杰克逊的提名失败。

川普表示，他现在考虑提名一个“具有政治背景的人”，来领导退伍军人事务部。

川普在接受福克斯采访时说，他一两天前就告诉杰克逊“我所看到的事态发展”，但他让杰克逊自己决定是否退出。

杰克逊被提名后，很快就在国会失去了支持。

共和党和民主党议员星期三无限期推迟了定于周三举行的杰克逊提名听证会，因为他们需要对杰克逊的有关指控展开调查。

White House Doctor Withdraws Name to Be Next Veterans Chief

The White House physician, Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson, dropped his bid Thursday to head the country's Veterans Affairs agency as lawmakers probed allegations of professional misconduct and excessive drinking.

As he withdrew, Jackson described the attacks on him as "false allegations," but said they had "become a distraction" to President Donald Trump's effort to improve health care for U.S. veterans.

Trump, in an interview on his favorite news talk show, "Fox & Friends," continued to defend Jackson, his personal physician, saying, "He runs a fantastic operation."

Trump blamed Senator Jon Tester, a Montana Democrat, for the demise of Jackson's nomination to the Cabinet position.

The U.S. leader said he now has "somebody with a political background" in mind to name as a replacement for Jackson to head the Veterans Affairs agency.

Trump said in the Fox interview he had told Jackson "a day or two ago I saw where this was going," but had left it up to Jackson to decide whether to do so.

Jackson was fast losing support in Congress.

Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers indefinitely postponed Jackson's scheduled Wednesday confirmation hearing as they investigated the allegations.

美环保署长面对愤怒议员：我没什么好隐瞒的

美国环保署署长斯科特·普鲁特说，他“没有什么好隐瞒的”。议员们对有关普鲁特任职期间操守和开支不当的指称感到愤怒。普鲁特说，针对他的指控是试图打乱川普总统的施政议程。

普鲁特对众议院能源与商务小组委员会说：“让我把话说得非常明白：在与我过去16个月管理环保署相关的问题上，我没有什么好隐瞒的。”

他还说：“那些攻击环保署和攻击我的人这么做是因为他们想攻击和打乱总统的施政议程，并破坏本届行政当局的工作重点。我绝不会让它发生。”

来自共和与民主两党的议员都抨击了普鲁特。民主党人弗兰克·帕龙对普鲁特说：“您应当辞职，您不配公众信任。”

普鲁特在两个众议院小组委员会有关环保署预算问题的听证会上作证。议员们试图让他回答有关他本人职业操守的问题，包括他坐飞机头等舱的开销、他的警卫团队以及他在华盛顿租用一个房间的合约。

EPA Chief Tells Angry Lawmakers He Has "Nothing to Hide"

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt told lawmakers who are angry about allegations of ethics and spending missteps during his tenure he had "nothing to hide" and added the accusations are meant to derail President Donald Trump's agenda.

"Let me be very clear: I have nothing to hide as it relates to how I've run the agency for the past 16 months," Pruitt told a subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.

Pruitt added, "Those who attack the EPA and attack me are doing so because they want to attack and derail the president's agenda and undermine this administration's priorities. I'm simply not going to let that happen."

Legislators from both the Republican and Democratic parties lashed out at Pruitt. Democrat Frank Pallone told Pruitt, "You should resign and you are undeserving of public trust."

Pruitt went before two House of Representatives subcommittees for hearings about the agency's budget, and lawmakers sought answers about his spending on first-class air travel, his security detail and a lease of a room in Washington.