美针对俄化学刺杀行动驱逐大批俄外交官

美国星期一下令60名被指责从事间谍活动的俄罗斯外交官员在一周内离开美国。白宫证实，包括法国、德国和波兰在内的至少23个国家驱逐了至少137名俄罗斯“情报人员。”

美国国务院的一份声明说，美国的举措以及关闭俄罗斯驻美国一家领事馆的决定是回应莫斯科“对化学武器公约肆无忌惮的违反以及对国际法的破坏”，事关在英国对一名前俄罗斯双重间谍及其女儿进行的神经毒剂攻击。

英国、其他西方国家以及北约指责俄罗斯制造了3月4日在索尔兹伯里发生的化学袭击事件。

一名美国高级官员解释白宫行动立场时说，俄罗斯一直发出“制造不稳定和攻击行动的鼓噪”。

美国责令俄罗斯驻太平洋港口城市华盛顿州西雅图市的领事馆于4月2号之前关闭，并说该领事馆与波音飞机制造工厂和一些弹道导弹核潜艇的母港基赛普海军基地太近。

有关官员说，上周二和普京进行电话交谈的川普总统参与了有关驱逐俄罗斯外交官的讨论。一位美国高级官员在与记者电话交谈时强调说，“这绝对是他的决定。”

US Expelling Russian Diplomats in Response to Ex Spy Poisoning

The United States on Monday ordered 60 Russian diplomats it accuses of being spies to leave the country within a week. At least 23 other countries, including France, Germany and Poland, have expelled more than 137 Russian "intelligence personnel", the White House has confirmed.

The U.S. move, along with the closure of a Russian consulate in the country, is in response to Moscow’s “outrageous violation of the Chemical Weapons Convention and breach of international law,” involving the nerve agent attack on a former Russian double agent and his daughter in Britain, according to the State Department.

Britain, other Western nations and NATO also blame Russia for the March 4 chemical attack in Salisbury.

Russia has been sounding “a drum beat of destabilizing and aggressive actions,” said a senior U.S. official, explaining the White House actions.

The United States is ordering the closure, by April 2, of Russia’s consulate in the Pacific port city of Seattle in the state of Washington, noting its close proximity to the Boeing aircraft plant and the Kitsap Naval Base, the home port for some ballistic nuclear missile submarines.

President Donald Trump, who spoke with Russian President Vladimir Putin last Tuesday, has been involved in the discussions to expel the diplomats, according to officials.

“This is absolutely his decision,” emphasized a senior U.S. official in the call with reporters.

媒体猜测朝鲜高层代表团正在北京访问

一个高层朝鲜代表团据报道已经抵达北京，引起外界猜测，朝鲜深居简出的领导人金正恩正在北京访问。

彭博新闻社星期一援引三个未指明消息来源报道说，金正恩正在北京进行未公开宣布的访问。韩国媒体说，率领朝鲜代表团的是金正恩的妹妹，不是金正恩本人。

目前没有任何有关这一报道的官方声明，中国和朝鲜的国家媒体都没有报道这个消息。如果金正恩真的在北京，那将是他2011年执政以来第一次出国访问。

日本的电视台播放的画面显示一列老式的绿皮火车停在北京火车站。这列火车与金正恩的父亲金正日使用的火车十分相像。

在北京的记者报道，有人看见仪仗队在钓鱼台国宾馆欢迎一个车队的抵达。以往朝鲜高级官员访问北京都是在钓鱼台国宾馆下榻。

还有报道说，横贯北京东西的长安街戒备森严。警察还清除了天安门广场的所有游客。这是在中国领导人在人民大会堂接待来访国家元首时通常采取的措施。

High-level North Korean Delegation Reported in Chinese Capital

A high-level North Korean delegation is reportedly in Beijing, fueling speculation the reclusive country's leader, Kim Jong Un, is visiting the Chinese capital.

Bloomberg News, in a report Monday, cited three unnamed sources who said Kim is in China on an unannounced visit. South Korea media say Kim's sister, and not the North Korean leader, is leading the delegation.

There was no official statement on the report, which was not covered by Chinese or North Korean state media. If Kim is in China, it would be his first foreign trip since taking power in 2011.

Footage from Japanese TV showed an old-style green train at a Beijing train station similar to the one used by Kim's father, Kim Jong Il.

Journalists in Beijing also reported seeing a military honor guard welcoming a convoy of vehicles arriving at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse where top North Korean officials have stayed during a visit to China.

There were also reports of heavy security along Beijing's main east-west thoroughfare, Changan Avenue. Police also cleared all tourists out of Tiananmen Square, which usually only happens when Chinese leaders are meeting with visiting heads of state in the Great Hall of the People.