美国制裁帮助叙利亚恐怖分子的一名个人和一个组织

美国星期四宣布对一名法国化学武器专家和一个乌兹别克战斗组织实施制裁，称他们在叙利亚内战中支持恐怖分子。

美国国务院宣布，被称为伊斯兰国“高级化学武器专家”的乔·阿斯珀曼以及乌兹别克武装组织“伊玛目布哈里军”为“特别认定的全球恐怖分子”。

这一措施将冻结他们可能在美国存有的任何资产，并禁止美国人和他们有任何交易。

美国国务院表示，阿斯珀曼“监管在叙利亚为伊斯兰国制造化学武器，以及在战场上部署这些化学武器。”

美国国务院称“伊玛目布哈里军”是“在叙利亚最大的乌兹别克战斗组织”。国务院表示，该组织“在叙利亚西北部的战斗中发挥了重要作用，与其一道战斗的包括努斯拉阵线等组织”，努斯拉阵线是基地组织在叙利亚的分支，已经被美国列为外国恐怖组织。

美国国务院表示，该乌兹别克组织去年4月“公布了一段视频，显示武装男子参与了冲突，在2015年12月，还在网上张贴了一段儿童训练营的视频。儿童在营地被教授如何使用武器。”

US Sanctions An Expert and a Group for Aiding Syrian Terrorists

The U.S. on Thursday imposed economic sanctions on a French chemical weapons expert and an Uzbek fighting force, claiming they were supporting terrorists in the Syrian civil war.

The State Department declared both Joe Asperman, described as "a senior chemical weapons expert" for Islamic State, and Katibat al-Imam al-Bukhari, the Uzbek group, as Specially Designated Global Terrorists.

The blacklisting freezes any assets they may have in the United States and bars Americans from any transactions with them.

The State Department said Asperman "oversaw chemical operations production within Syria for ISIS and the deployment of these chemical weapons at the battlefront."

It described Katibat al-Imam al-Bukhari as "the largest Uzbek fighting force in Syria." The State Department said the group "has played a significant role in the fighting in northwestern Syria, fighting alongside groups including al-Nusrah Front," al-Qaida's affiliate in Syria and already a U.S.-designated foreign terrorist organization.

The State Department said that last April, the Uzbek group "published a video showing armed men taking part in clashes, and in December 2015, posted a video of a training camp for children, where children are taught to handle and fire weapons."

美国众议院批准1.3万亿美元开支法案

美国众议院星期四批准了1.3万亿美元的开支法案，从而推动了会防止政府关门的计划。

这项法案在众议院以256对167票的表决结果获得通过，现在送交参议院。参议院需要在星期五午夜前批准这项法案，以避免今年第三次政府关门。

众议院投票前，这项近2200页的法案在星期三晚间公布于众。因为这项法案很可能是今年内通过的最重要的立法项目，议员们争相在法案中加入他们自己的开支动议。

两党共同推出的这项庞大的开支案将使得联邦政府获得可以维持到今年9月底的经费。这项法案还将实现川普总统增加军费的诺言，但同时限制了他的大部分移民改革计划。

白宫表示，川普总统支持这项法案，法案将使川普总统得以大幅提高军费，其中包括为军方人员加薪百分之2.4。

House Approves $1.3 Trillion Spending Bill

The U.S. House of Representatives Thursday approved a $1.3 trillion spending bill, which advances the plan that could prevent a government shutdown.

The measure, approved by a 256-167 vote, now goes to the Senate, which has until midnight Friday night to approve it and avert the year's third government closure.

The House vote came hours after the nearly 2,200 page bill was released Wednesday night. Because the bill is most likely to be the last significant legislation passed this year, lawmakers scrambled to include their own spending proposals.

The massive bipartisan bill would keep the government funded until the end of September. The measure would fulfill U.S. President Donald Trump's vow to boost military funding while restricting much of his immigration agenda.

The bill, which the White House said Trump supports, would give Trump a huge budget increase for the military, including a 2.4 percent pay raise for military personnel.