美法总统会谈后伊核协议前景仍悬而未决

川普总统星期二誓言要努力寻找与法国的共同点，联合应对伊朗。不过，川普总统没有承诺会继续留在伊核协议内。他此前称这项协议是一个“疯狂”、“荒谬”的协议。

川普总统在白宫为法国总统马克龙夫妇举办的国宴上再次批评了这个冻结伊朗核计划的协议，说它没有涉及伊朗的导弹计划及其煽动地区不稳定的企图。

这是川普总统宣誓就职美国总统15个月以来第一次在白宫举行国宴，比各位前任总统都晚。大多数总统在上任满一年前都会举行一次盛大国宴。

白宫星期二的国宴相对低调，受邀嘉宾中少有名人和华盛顿名流。

川普总统和马克龙总统参加国宴前表示将就伊朗问题举行更多会谈，但是没有明确的迹象显示川普总统是否要退出世界六大国与伊朗签署的协议。

星期二早些时候，川普总统向伊朗发出警告。他在白宫椭圆办公室内会见马克龙总统时说：“如果他们重启核计划，他们将面临以前从未见过的大问题。这点可以记录在案。”

马克龙总统希望川普总统在叙利亚北部保留美国军队，以防止阿萨德政权和伊朗彻底掌控叙利亚。

川普总统对记者说，他希望从叙利亚撤军。目前有大约2000美军在叙利亚清剿伊斯兰国恐怖组织。

川普总统说，美国18年以来在中东花了7万亿美元，但是却一事无成。

Iran Nuclear Deal's Fate Remains Unresolved Following Trump-Macron Talks

President Trump vowed on Tuesday to look for common ground with his French counterpart in dealing with Iran but made no commitment to stick with the nuclear agreement he described as "insane" and "ridiculous."

Receiving French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron for a state dinner at the White House, Trump repeated his criticism of the agreement to freeze Iran's nuclear program, saying it doesn't address Tehran's missile program or its attempts to stir up unrest in the region.

The first state dinner of the Trump White House is taking place 15 months after the inauguration, relatively late compared to previous administrations which typically hosted elaborate ceremonial sitdowns by the end of their first years in office.

Tuesday's dinner is a relatively low-key affair, with few celebrities and big Washington names on the guest list.

The dinner comes after Trump and Macron called for more talks with Iran, but gave no clear sign if Trump will pull the U.S. out of the existing nuclear deal with Tehran.

Earlier in the day, Trump issued a warning to Iran. “If they restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they have ever had before,” Trump said during a meeting with Macron in the Oval Office. "You can mark it down."

Macron also wants Trump to keep American forces in northern Syria to avoid the risk of giving up the country to the Assad regime and Iran.

Trump told reporters that “I’d love to get out” of Syria where the United States has 2,000 U.S. troops seeking to eradicate the Islamic State terror group.

Trump said the United States had spent seven trillion dollars in the Middle East over an 18-year period and has “less than nothing” to show for it.

美联邦法官裁定DACA必须继续

一位美国联邦法官裁令川普行政当局继续执行对大约80万非法移民暂缓递解的保护。这些幼年被带到美国的非法移民被称为“追梦者”。

美国联邦地区法官贝茨制止了川普总统结束“幼年来美暂缓递解”计划的努力，并裁令国土安全部自从这项计划2012年成为法律以来第一次开始接受新的申请。

贝茨法官说，川普行政当局废除“幼年来美暂缓递解”的计划不合法。

他说，这样做完全是武断的随意为之，因为国土安全部称这项计划非法，却又未能充分解释。

川普政府还没有对这项裁决做出任何回应。

Federal Judge Orders DACA to Continue

A federal judge has ordered the Trump administration to keep deportation protection for 800,000 young undocumented immigrants known as "dreamers."

In a sharp rebuke to President Trump's efforts to end the program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, District Judge John Bates also ordered the Department of Homeland Security to accept new applicants to the program for the first time since it became law in 2012.

The judge said Trump administration efforts to scrap DACA were illegal.

He called it "arbitrary and capricious because the department failed to adequately explain its conclusion that the program is unlawful."

There has been no response so far from the administration.