美国称联合国有关以色列的决议“一边倒”

科威特发起的在加沙地带和约旦河西岸保护巴勒斯坦人的提案星期五交付安理会表决时，美国将“毫无疑问”地行使否决权。

美国常驻联合国代表黑利称这项提案是以“完全一边倒”和“丧失道德”的方法来制止以色列和巴勒斯坦人之间的暴力。

黑利说，决议草案要求以色列停止“过度和肆意”地使用暴力，然而是哈马斯这个星期向以色列城镇发射了70枚火箭。

黑利警告说，任何投票赞成这项提案的安理会成员将明确显示他们不具备参加任何双边谈判所需的信誉。

美国作为安理会常任理事国，拥有阻止任何提案的否决权。

US Calls Draft UN Resolution on Israel 'One-Sided"

The United States will "unquestionably" veto a Kuwaiti-sponsored resolution on protecting Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank when it comes up for a vote in the Security Council Friday.

U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley calls the draft a "grossly one-sided" and "morally bankrupt" approach on stopping the violence between Israelis and Palestinians.

She says while the draft demands Israel stop "excessive and indiscriminate" use of force, it is Hamas that fired 70 rockets into Israeli towns this week.

Haley warns any council member that votes in favor of the draft resolution "will clarify their own lack of fitness to take part in any credible negotiations between the two parties."

As a permanent member of the Security Council, the United States has veto power and can kill a draft.

利比亚东部爆发激烈战斗12万平民被困

在利比亚东部城市德尔纳，12万多人由于伊斯兰武装和哈夫塔尔将军的部队之间的激烈战斗被困在那里。

联合国星期四公布的一份报告说，最近数周以来，德尔纳遭受了“前所未有”的暴力，包括轰炸和空袭。

德尔纳严重短缺食品、水、药品和供电。

一份报告说，自从3月中旬以来一直没有救援品送达。

哈夫塔尔领导的利比亚国民军正试图从一个伊斯兰武装和当地其它武装组成的联盟手中收复德尔纳。哈夫塔尔把与他作战的武装称为“恐怖分子”。

在利比亚东部，德尔纳是利比亚国民军唯一还没有控制的城市。

Heavy Fighting Traps Civilians inside Eastern Libyan City

More than 120,000 people are trapped inside the eastern Libyan city of Derna by heavy fighting between Islamists and forces commanded by General Khalifa Haftar.

A U.N. report Thursday said Derna has suffered through "unprecedented" violence over the past several weeks, including bombardments and airstrikes.

There are severe shortages of food, water, medicine and electricity.

One report said there have been no deliveries of aid since mid-March.

Haftar's Libyan National Army is trying to take back the city from a coalition of Islamists and local fighters, whom he calls terrorists.

Derna is the only city in eastern Libya that the LNA does not control.