叙利亚媒体：以色列导弹击中大马士革机场附近目标

叙利亚国家媒体星期二称，两枚以色列导弹击中了大马士革国际机场附近的目标。

官方的报道没有提到人员或财产损失，并称以色列的行动是对反叛分子在叙利亚南部地区最近的失利做出的反应。

设在英国的叙利亚人权瞭望台称，导弹击中了据信是亲政府武装的武器库。

以色列在叙利亚冲突中实施过多次空袭，攻击的目的通常是为了阻止叙利亚向伊朗支持的黎巴嫩真主党激进组织运送武器，或者阻止伊朗在叙利亚建立会威胁以色列安全的设施。

以色列很少会对这类袭击发表评论。

Syrian Media: Israeli Missiles Strike Near Damascus Airport

Syrian state media said Tuesday two Israeli missiles hit targets near the Damascus international airport.

The SANA news agency report did not mention any damage or casualties, while saying Israel was acting in response to recent losses by rebel fighters in southern Syria.

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the missiles hit suspected weapons depots for pro-government militias.

Israel has carried out numerous airstrikes during the Syrian conflict, usually striking targets meant to stop the flow of arms to the Iran-backed Hezbollah militant group in Lebanon or to prevent Iran from establishing a presence in Syria that Israel would consider a threat.

The Israeli military rarely comments on such strikes.

美国边防官员暂无能力执行非法入境零容忍政策

美国边界执法部门高级官员星期一（2018年6月26日）承认，当局暂时无能力执行川普政府的“零容忍政策”、拘留和依法起诉每一个非法进入美国的人。与此同时，官员们正在制定一项政策，在不分开家庭的情况下起诉非法入境者。

美国海关与边境保卫局局长在德克萨斯州对媒体表示，川普总统签署一项政令停止分开移民父母与子女之后，他已经停止将被控非法入境的父母交付诉讼程序。但他坚称，尽管面临目前的挑战，政府的政策依然有效，他正在安排恢复有关诉讼程序。

上星期，川普总统签署一项行政令，维持零容忍政策，但停止分开移民家庭的做法。

这项政令引起了一些操作上的问题，包括如何起诉非法入境的父母同时又让他们跟家人在一起。 多个政府机构正在找办法安置那些被拘留的非法移民。

国防部长马蒂斯说，军方会暂时在军事基地帮助收容他们，包括在德州的两个基地。

川普星期一晚上在南卡罗莱纳州一个政治集会上称自己是一个坚定维护国家安全的人。他说：“我们在保卫边界，因为如果你没有边界，你就没有国家。但是民主党人希望开放边界，他们不介意由此带来的犯罪问题。”

当天早些时候，川普抨击针对非法入境者的司法审讯程序，称非法入境者应该立即被遣返。

美国公民自由联盟表示，总统要求取消非法入境并寻求庇护者享有的司法审讯程序不符合宪法。

US Officials Unable to Carry Out 'Zero-Tolerance' for Migrant Families

The United States' top border enforcement official acknowledged Monday that authorities are currently unable to carry out the Trump administration's "zero-tolerance" policy of detaining and prosecuting everyone entering the country illegally, as officials work to develop a policy that would allow prosecutions without family separations.

Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan told reporters in Texas he stopped sending cases of parents charged with illegally entering the country to prosecutors after U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order last week to stop the separation of migrant parents and children. McAleenan insisted the administration's policy remains in effect despite the current challenges, and said he is working on a plan to resume prosecutions.

Last week, Trump signed an executive order maintaining his "zero tolerance" policy of detaining and prosecuting everyone entering the country illegally, but ending the practice of separating immigrant parents and children.

The move has led to logistical questions, including how to keep families together while also prosecuting migrant parents. It has also sent multiple government agencies in search of ways to house the migrants who are detained.

Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the military would help to house migrants at military bases, including two in Texas.

Trump used a political rally Monday night in South Carolina to portray himself as tough when it comes to security. "We're defending our borders because if you don't have borders, you don't have a country," he said. "Democrats want open borders and they don't mind crime."

Earlier in the day, Trump assailed judicial review for illegal border crossers, contending that the migrants entering the country illegally ought to be immediately sent back to their homelands.

The American Civil Liberties Union said Sunday that Trump's call to end hearings for undocumented immigrants who enter the country illegally and seek asylum in the U.S. was unconstitutional.