三名宇航员从国际空间站返回

三名宇航员星期三从国际空间站返回地球，他们完成了一项时长五个半月的任务，其中包括翻修机器人。

运载着两名美国人和一名俄罗斯人的联盟号飞船于当地时间星期三日出不久后降落在寒冷的哈萨克斯坦境内。

美国宇航局（NASA）飞行控制人员曾担心降雪和冻雨可能会影响返回地面行动。

来自美国宇航局的约瑟夫·阿喀巴、马克·范德·海伊以及俄罗斯人亚历山大·密苏尔金离开了他们在国际空间站的其他三位伙伴。

Three astronauts back from International Space Station

Three astronauts from the International Space Station arrived back on earth Wednesday after completing a 5 1/2-month mission that included robotic renovations.

The two Americans and one Russian landed in a Soyuz capsule shortly after sunrise Wednesday, local time, in frigid Kazakhstan.

NASA flight controllers had feared snow and freezing rain might hamper recovery efforts.

NASA's Joseph Acaba and Mark Vande Hei, and Russia's Alexander Misurkin left three other astronauts on the space station.

川普总统女婿库什纳安全许可被降级

美国总统川普的女婿、高级顾问库什纳的安全许可被降级，这可能会限制他获取最敏感信息的资格。

库什纳和其他几名白宫助理目前还没有通过永久性的安全审查，只是以临时许可获取“最高机密/敏感隔离信息”(Top Secret/SCI)级别的信息。《政治》(Politico)网站星期二报道说，他们星期五收到通知说，他们的安全许可将被降低到“机密”(Secret)级。

“敏感隔离信息”(SCI)是指那些来自敏感来源并受到严格限制的机密信息。

库什纳安全许可降级意味着他不能再获取“总统每日简报”，这是美国最宝贵的情报报告。

总统有权给予库什纳永久性的安全许可，但是川普上星期五说，他会让他的办公厅主任、退役海军陆战队上将凯利来做决定。

Trump Son-in-Law Has Security Clearance Downgraded

U.S. President Donald Trump's son-in-law and top adviser, Jared Kushner, has had his security clearance downgraded, in a move that will limit his access to the most sensitive information.

Kushner was one of several White House aides working with an interim security clearance at the Top Secret/SCI-level. They were informed in a memo sent Friday that their clearances would be downgraded to the Secret level, Politico reported Tuesday.

SCI stands for sensitive compartmentalized information, used for information that comes from sensitive sources and must have restricted access.

Kushner will no longer have access to the Presidential Daily Briefing, the most valued U.S. intelligence report.

The president has the ability to grant Kushner a permanent clearance, but Trump said Friday he was leaving the decision to his chief of staff, retired Marine General John Kelly.