美国逮捕一名参与偷渡也门人的约旦公民

一位美国联邦法官下令继续把一名约旦公民关押在监狱。

约旦公民阿尔戴利被指控试图把6名也门人偷渡到美国。阿尔戴利星期六抵达纽约肯尼迪机场后被逮捕。

居住在墨西哥蒙特雷的阿尔戴利被指参与了一项收取费用，把6名也门人从墨西哥边界偷渡到美国的计划，美国司法部没有说这些也门人现在何处、是什么人、以及他们想进入美国的理由。

不过，司法部称这些人为“特殊关注外国人”。美国政府经常用这种说法描述那些来自有恐怖主义问题家的潜在移民。

美国联邦法官下令把阿尔戴利关押在纽约，等候递解到德克萨斯州。

Jordanian Arrested for Allegedly Smuggling Yemenis Into US

A federal judge has ordered a Jordanian national to remain behind bars on charges he tried to smuggle six Yemenis into the United States.

Agents arrested Moayad Heider Mohammad Aldairi Saturday when he arrived at JFK airport in New York.

Aldairi, who lives in Monterrey, Mexico, was allegedly part of a scheme to smuggle six Yemenis across the Mexican border into Texas for a fee. The Justice Department has not said where the Yemenis are now, who they are, or the reason they wanted to enter the U.S.

But it did call them "special interest aliens," the government's term for would-be immigrants from countries where terrorism is a problem.

The judge ordered Aldairi to remain in custody in New York, pending a transfer to Texas.

美国马里兰报社枪杀案嫌疑人不认罪

被指控在今年6月美国马里兰州安纳波利斯一家报社开枪打死5人的男子拉莫斯星期一对法庭表示不认罪。拉莫斯本人没有出庭。他的律师通过电子文件代表他对受到的指控不认罪。

拉莫斯的律师计划提出的辩解是法庭的拉莫斯身份有问题，因为警方使用了“不可接受的推断身份程序”，意思是警方使用了面部识别技术将拉莫斯被锁定为主要嫌疑人。

拉莫斯目前在押候审，不准保释。他被指控6月28日在安纳波利斯的《首府宪报》打死四名记者和一名职员。

这是美国历史上针对新闻从业人员的最暴力案件之一。拉莫斯看来对《首府宪报》有关他骚扰一名高中同窗的报道不满。

Suspect in Annapolis Newspaper Shooting Pleads Not Guilty

The man accused of shooting and killing five people at an Annapolis, Maryland, newspaper in June pleaded not guilty Monday.Jarrod Ramos did not appear in court. His attorneys entered a plea of not guilty on his behalf through electronic filing.

His lawyers plan to argue that a courtroom identification of Ramos at his trial will be tainted because of what they call "impermissible suggestive identification procedures" by police, meaning the identification of Ramos as the chief suspect was obtained through facial recognition technology.

Ramos is being held in jail without bail, pending his trial.He is charged with killing four journalists and an office worker at the Annapolis Gazette newspaper June 28.

It was one of the worst cases of violence against journalists in U.S. history. Ramos was apparently angry over a Gazette story about his harassing a former high school classmate.