川普的移民行动或影响中期选举

随着美国共和党和民主党这两大政党准备11月的国会中期选举，过去的一星期对川普总统的白宫可能具有重要意义。

川普总统决定改变把在美国南部边境抓获的非法移民中的儿童与家人分开的政策。这一政策此前引起的政治风暴给民主党人带来激情，同时也引发了一些共和党人的警觉。现在看来，移民问题至少可能会成为11月中期选举中的重要问题。

川普总统星期三在明尼苏达州一个政治集会上斗志昂扬，誓言要在国会中期选举中把移民作为一个中心问题。他说：“如果你们希望创建一个人道、合法的移民体制，就必须让民主党人下岗，选举共和党人，才能让我们有牢固的边界。”

在那数小时前，川普总统在白宫签署政令，改变了把非法移民中儿童与父母分开的政策。

川普总统决定改变这一政策前，美国很多地方发出强烈不满的声音，在亚利桑纳、德克萨斯、宾夕法尼亚和麻萨诸塞等州还发生了抗议活动。

Trump's Immigration Actions Could Shape Midterm Election

This past week could turn out to be pivotal for the Trump White House as both major parties get ready for midterm congressional elections in November.

President Donald Trump’s decision to reverse a policy of separating families coming across the U.S. southern border came in the wake of a political firestorm that fired up opposition Democrats and alarmed even some Republicans. At the very least, it likely set the stage for immigration to be a key issue in November.

Trump was in combat mode Wednesday during a political rally in Duluth, Minnesota, where he vowed to make immigration a central focus in the upcoming congressional campaign.

“If you want to create a humane, lawful system of immigration then you need to retire the Democrats and elect Republicans to finally secure our borders，”Trump said.

Just hours earlier, the president reversed his controversial policy of separating children from their parents by signing an executive order in the White House.

Trump decided to back away from the controversial policy of separating families after an outcry from around the country that included protests in several states including Arizona, Texas, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts.

土耳其选举前逮捕了14名伊斯兰国成员嫌疑人

土耳其官方的安纳多卢通讯社说，当局逮捕了14名伊斯兰国成员嫌疑人。他们策划这个周末袭击选举投票。

安纳多卢通讯社说，星期五上午在土耳其首都安卡拉对这14名外国公民的住宅同时进行的突查中把他们拘留。

目前还不清楚突查中收缴了什么材料。

土耳其公民星期天投票选举总统和议会议员，土耳其将开始赋予总统很大的权力。

伊斯兰国组织近年来在土耳其发动了数次袭击，包括2017年新年对伊斯坦布尔一家夜总会的攻击，杀死39人。

Turkey Detains 14 IS Suspects before Elections

Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency says authorities have arrested 14 suspected Islamic State members who were preparing an attack on this weekend's elections.

The agency says the 14 foreign nationals were detained Friday morning, in simultaneous raids on their residences in Ankara, Turkey's capital.

It was not immediately clear what materials were seized in the raids.

Turks vote Sunday in presidential and parliamentary elections that will trigger a change to a powerful presidential system.

Islamic State has conducted a number of attacks in Turkey in recent years, including a New Year's massacre on a nightclub in Istanbul in 2017 in which 39 people were killed.