韩朝联合联络处将于周五开放

韩国和朝鲜周五（9月14日）将开放一个联合联络办公室，目的是要促进跨境通讯和南北关系。

韩国统一部周三宣布，新联络处将设在朝鲜境内的开城，这座城市位于敌对的南北双方的分界线附近。

统一部表示，联络处将成为“全天候的咨询和沟通渠道”，以期“缓和军事紧张局势，在朝鲜半岛建立和平”。

南北双方将向联络处派驻多达20名官员。

开放联络办公室的想法是朝鲜领导人金正恩和韩国总统文在寅在今年4月的峰会上提出的，原本计划上个月开放，但由于朝鲜解除其核武器的行动停滞不前导致与美国陷入僵局而被推迟。金正恩今年6月在新加坡与美国总统特朗普的峰会期间作出朝鲜去核化的承诺。

自上周韩国总统代表团前往平壤并与金正恩会面后，情况有所改善。金正恩后来致函特朗普总统，提议举行第二次高峰会谈。

Koreas to Open Joint Liaison Office on Friday

North and South Korea will open a joint liaison office on Friday aimed at fostering cross-border communications and relations.

South Korea's Unification Ministry announced Wednesday the new office will be opened in the North Korean city of Kaesong, located near the border that splits the rivals.

The ministry says the liaison office will become "a round-the-clock consultation and communication channel" aimed at "easing military tensions and establishing peace on the Korean Peninsula."

Both nations will deploy up to 20 officials to staff the office.

The idea for the liaison office grew out of the April summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. It was scheduled to open last month, but was delayed due to an impasse between North Korea and the United States over the pace of North Korea's dismantling of its nuclear weapons program, a promise Kim Jong Un made during his summit with President Donald Trump in Singapore in June.

The situation has since improved after a South Korean presidential delegation traveled to Pyongyang last week and personally met with Kim, who passed on a letter to President Trump offering to engage in a second round of talks.

民调：美国社交媒体新闻消费增长放慢

皮尤研究中心周一公布的一项调查显示，大约三分之二的美国成年人表示他们偶尔会从社交媒体上获取新闻。

这一数字比去年增加了1％，显示社交媒体新闻的消费增长放缓。

尽管社交媒体受欢迎，但57％的受访者认为在这些平台上收到的新闻不准确。

共和党人远比民主党人对社交媒体新闻的看法更为负面，他们中有72％的人认为那些新闻不准确，相比之下有46%的民主党人和55％的独立人士有同样看法。皮尤民调员Katerina Eva Matsa表示，这与多年来对新闻媒体政治态度的研究一致。

她说：“我们看到共和党人和民主党人在媒体是否公平，媒体的监督作用以及他们对媒体的信任度等方面存在明显差异。”

尽管存在党派分歧，更多的受访者更注重社交媒体新闻的准确性，而不是政治偏见。 有31％的人担心新闻的准确性，只有11％的人担心政治偏见。

Facebook仍然是在线新闻消费的主要平台，43％的受访者表示他们在那里获取新闻。 YouTube排名第二，占21％，Twitter排名第三，占12％。 Instagram和Reddit等其他主要社交媒体平台均占个位数的百分比。

Reddit因其用户接触到新闻的比例最大而脱颖而出，占73％。 Twitter和Facebook排名第二和第三，分别为71％和67％。

Survey: Number of Americans Getting News on Social Media Slows

About two-thirds of American adults say they occasionally get their news from social media, according to a survey released Monday by the Pew Research Center.

The number is 1 percent more than last year, indicating a slowdown in the growth of news consumption on social media.

Despite the popularity of social media, 57 percent said they expected the news they received on these platforms to be inaccurate.

Republicans were far more negative than Democrats about social media news, with 72 percent saying they expect it to be inaccurate. Forty-six percent of Democrats and 55 percent of independents reported feeling the same. Pew surveyor Katerina Eva Matsa said this falls in line with years of research on political attitudes toward news media in general.

"We've seen stark differences between Republicans and Democrats when it comes to the perception of fairness, the media's watchdog role, trust toward the media," Matsa said.

Despite the partisan breakdown, more people listed accuracy as their greatest concern with news on social media than political bias. Thirty-one percent were concerned with accuracy, while 11 percent worried about political bias.

Facebook remained the dominant platform for online news consumption, with 43 percent of respondents saying they get news there. YouTube came in second with 21 percent, and Twitter third with 12 percent. Other major social media platforms such as Instagram and Reddit scored in the single digits.

Reddit stood out as the site where the highest portion of its users were exposed to news, at 73 percent. Twitter and Facebook came in second and third respectively, with 71 percent and 67 percent.