美中防长会晤以期改善关系

美国国防部长马蒂斯对他的中国同行表示，改善美中两国之间的高层关系将减少意外冲突的风险。

马蒂斯和中国国防部长魏凤和上将在新加坡举行的亚洲安全会议期间会晤，努力使两国军事关系正常化。美国官员在会谈后表示他们感觉与中国军方的关系已经稳定，不过谈判没有达成新的协议。

最近几周华盛顿和北京之间的军事关系恶化，原因包括双方激烈的贸易战，美国因中国军队从俄罗斯购买武器而实施制裁，以及北京在南中国海建立军事前哨。

五角大楼官员Randall Schriver在长达90分钟的会议结束后告诉记者，马蒂斯重申了“我们对保持持久关系的愿望，这种关系是中美关系中的稳定力量。”

马蒂斯曾在几周前计划在北京与魏凤和会面，但中国官员当时表示魏凤和无法会面，这是美中关系转冷扩散到军事领域的若干迹象之一。中国的这种冷落显示了对美国制裁的愤怒。

美国总统特朗普经常抨击中国的经济政策。本月早些时候，副总统彭斯发表讲话指责北京采用“掠夺性”贸易行为，并采取军事“侵略”手段。

马蒂斯与魏凤和在东盟会议期间会晤后，中方没有立即对美国媒体发表评论。

US, Chinese Defense Chiefs Meet in Effort to Improve Ties

U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has told his Chinese counterpart that improved high-level relations between their countries will reduce the risk of unintentional conflict.

Mattis and Chinese General Wei Fenghe met on the sidelines of an Asian security conference in Singapore in an effort to normalize military relations. Following the talks, U.S. officials said they sensed relations with China's military had stabilized, although the talks did not produce new agreements.

Military relations between Washington and Beijing had deteriorated in recent weeks over a bitter trade war, U.S. sanctions against China's military for buying weapons from Russia, and Beijing's creation of military outposts in the South China Sea.

Pentagon official Randall Schriver told reporters after the longer-than-expected 90-minute meeting that Mattis "repeated our desire for a durable relationship that is a stabilizing force in the overall relationship."

Mattis planned to meet in Beijing with Wei a few weeks ago, but Chinese officials said Wei was not available, one of several indications strained U.S.-China relations had spread into the military arena. China's snub came as it reacted angrily to the sanctions

U.S. President Donald Trump has often lambasted China over its economic policies. Earlier this month, Vice President Mike Pence accused Beijing of using "predatory" trade practices and resorting to military "aggression."

China did not immediately comment to U.S. media after the meeting between Mattis and Wei during the Association of Southeast Asian Nations conference.

美国最受欢迎的消遣活动毫无悬念

你可以说棒球是美国人最喜爱的消遣，因为美国人显然喜欢看电视（棒球赛）而不是前往赛场。

根据美国劳工统计局的数据，大多数美国人喜欢在闲暇时间看电视而不是做其他任何事情。

生活在美国的人中每天都有近80％的人在看电视。根据劳工局的美国人时间利用调查数据显示，美国人在体育和休闲活动上花费的时间有一半以上是在看电视上。

从2013年到2017年，15岁及以上的人每天看电视大约2小时46分钟，这占他们总闲暇时间的55.2％，而他们可以用这些时间做几乎任何他们想做的事。

电视时间包括在电视、电脑和移动设备上观看预录的电视节目、现场直播节目、DVD和流媒体内容，但不包括在电影院观看电影所花费的时间。

数据还显示，男性每天看电视的时间比女性多半小时。

老年人和失业者看电视的人数最多，而有小孩的父母看电视的人数最少。65岁以上的美国人是坐在沙发上看电视时间最多的人群，平均每天4个半小时。

看电视的时间也因地理位置而有不同。美国南部的居民是全美最热心的电视观众之一，而居住在落基山脉州和东北部的人们往往看得最少。

America's Favorite Pastime Won't Surprise You

You could say baseball has struck out as America's favorite pastime, because Americans would apparently rather watch TV than head to the ballpark.

Most Americans prefer to fill their spare time watching television than doing just about anything else, according to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS).

Nearly 80 percent of people living in the United States are watching TV on any given day. Television viewing swallows up more than half of all the time Americans spend on sports and leisure activities, according to data from the BLS's American Time Use Survey.

From 2013 to 2017, people 15 and older spent about 2 hours and 46 minutes a day watching TV — 55.2 percent of their total spare time — when they could have been doing pretty much anything else they wanted.

That TV time includes watching recorded TV shows, live programming, DVDs, and streaming content on TVs, computers, and portable devices. It does not include time spent watching a film in a movie theater.

Men watch about a half-hour more TV than women each day.

Older people and the unemployed watch the most TV, while parents with small children watch the least. Older people and the unemployed spent the most time watching TV. Americans over the age of 65 are the nation's biggest couch potatoes. They spend the most time — 4 and a half hours per day — in front of the tube.

TV watching also varies by geography. Residents in the American South are among the nation's most ardent TV viewers. People living in several of the Rocky Mountain states and in the Northeast tend to watch the least.