彭斯：公开批评却匿名抵抗特朗普总统的人应辞职

美国副总统彭斯周日呼吁，那位匿名发表文章、称在特朗普政府进行内部抵抗的政府高官，应该“做出真正让人尊敬的事，辞职”。

彭斯周日对福克斯新闻表示，那位上周在纽约时报发表专栏文章、批评特朗普不道德的匿名高官，试图破坏特朗普总统的执政活动，这“实际上违反了他对宪法，而不是对总统的誓言。”

彭斯重申他不是这篇文章的作者，尽管由于文中包含了一个他曾在众多演讲中使用过的词 “北极星”而引发猜想。身为副总统的彭斯表示，他同意为此接受测谎仪测试，不过要由特朗普总统决定其他白宫官员是否也应该接受同样的测试，以找出撰写该文章的人。

彭斯表示他不知道文章作者是谁。这位《纽约时报》介绍为现任特朗普政府高官的人自称是内部抵抗力量的一部分，他或她正“试图通过内部努力来挫败特朗普总统的议程和他最坏的倾向。”

这位官员说，“问题的根源是总统的不道德行为，”他谴责特朗普总统“浮躁、敌对、琐碎、无效”的领导风格。

彭斯副总统为特朗普的表现提出辩护，他说总统在公共政策问题上推动白宫团队内部的“激烈辩论”，然后“他来做出决定。他是主帅。”彭斯称特朗普为“有着几乎无限能量的总统”。

特朗普也对这位匿名作者进行了抨击。他上周在蒙大拿州举行的一次政治集会上说，“没有人知道他，或者她，到底是谁。政府内‘影子政府’的身份不明的操纵者们无视选民，推动他们的秘密议程，这是对民主本身的真正威胁。”

Pence: Anonymous Critic Resisting Trump Should Quit

U.S. Vice President Mike Pence called Sunday for the anonymous senior official carrying out inside resistance to the Trump administration to "do the honorable thing and resign."

Pence told Fox News Sunday that the official, who wrote an op-ed opinion article in The New York Times last week that called Trump amoral, was "literally violating an oath, not to the president, but to the Constitution" by seeking to undermine Trump's presidency.

Pence reiterated that he did not write the article even though it contained an unusual word — "lodestar," meaning one who serves as an inspiration — that he has used in numerous speeches. The vice president said he would agree to take a lie detector test "in a heartbeat," but said it was up to Trump to decide whether other White House officials should do the same to try to identify who wrote the article.

Pence said he does not know who wrote it. The official said he or she was part of an internal resistance "working diligently from within to frustrate parts of his agenda and his worst inclinations."

"The root of the problem is the president's amorality," the official said, denouncing Trump's "impetuous, adversarial, petty and ineffective" leadership style.

Pence defended Trump's performance, saying the president promotes "a vigorous debate" within the White House over public policy issues, and then "he makes the decision. He's in command." Pence called him "a president of almost boundless energy."

Trump has railed against the writer, telling a political rally in Montana last week, "Nobody knows who the hell he is, or she. Unidentified deep state operatives who defy voters to push their secret agendas are truly a threat to democracy itself."

福特称一款小型车生产线将留在中国

福特汽车公司说，没有计划把在中国生产的一款小型汽车改在美国生产，尽管特朗普总统星期天在推特上发出了鼓励信息。

福特在一份声明中说，“鉴于福克斯Active在美国的年销售量预计不超过5万辆，在美国生产这款汽车将无利可图。”

不过之前福特宣布说，由于关税会导致汽车价格太昂贵而不会把这些汽车从中国运回美国。特朗普总统随即发推表示：“这只是刚刚开始。这款车现在可以在美国制造，福特不用交任何关税！”

福特可能继续在中国生产福克斯Active，不过不会在美国销售这些汽车。

特朗普行政当局已经开始对总额500亿美元的中国进口商品加征关税，以纠正他所说的中国不公平的贸易手段。中国随后进行报复，对同等额度的美国商品加征关税。两国都威胁要增加更多关税。


Ford Says It Will Not Move Small Car Production from China to US

Ford says it has no plans to move production of a small car from China to the United States despite President Donald Trump's enthusiastic tweet Sunday.

"It would not be profitable to the build the Focus Active in the U.S. given an expected annual sales volume of fewer than 50,000 units," a Ford statement said.

Ford earlier announced it would not ship the cars from China to the United States because tariffs would make them too expensive, prompting a Trump tweet saying "This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs."

Ford may keep building the Focus Active in China, but won't not sell them in the United States.

Trump has imposed tariffs on $50 billion in Chinese imports to remedy what he calls unfair Chinese trade practices. China has retaliated and both countries threaten more tariffs.