被指性行为不当富翁辞职

美国亿万富翁、博彩业大亨史蒂夫·韦恩(Steve Wynn)辞去了在永利度假村的首席执行官职务。不到两星期前，华尔街日报报道，他被指称几十年期间一直有不当性行为。

华尔街日报的报道详细描述了韦恩据称强迫集团员工与他发生性行为。一名美甲师指称，韦恩在拉斯维加斯开始运营永利酒店后不久，2005年强迫与她发生性关系。华尔街日报说，他们达成和解，这名美甲师得到750万美元。

韦恩否认所有指称，并在星期二宣布辞去永利度假村首席执行官的声明中再次否认。

他在声明中说：“过去两周来，我成了雪崩般负面报道的焦点。由于在当前环境下人们不顾事实急于下定论，我得出结论，我已无法继续有效行使职权。”

韦恩是博彩业中的泰斗之一，帮助重振了拉斯维加斯的发展，参与的工程包括百乐宮酒店（Bellagio）、米拉奇酒店（The Mirage）和金银岛酒店（Treasure Island）。

韦恩不仅是商界名人，上个月辞职前还担任共和党全国委员会的财务委员会主席，并一直是共和党的一个大额捐款人。

Casino Mogul Wynn Resigns After Sexual Misconduct Allegations

Billionaire casino mogul Steve Wynn has resigned as head of Wynn Resorts, less than two weeks after the Wall Street Journal published a report about decades of allegations of sexual misconduct.

The Journal article detailed several incidents in which Wynn allegedly pressured staff to perform sex acts. The allegations include those from a manicurist who claims she was forced to have sex with Wynn in 2005, shortly after he opened his flagship Wynn Las Vegas. The paper said she was later paid a $7.5 million settlement.

Wynn has denied the accusations, including again in a statement issued Tuesday announcing he was stepping down.

"In the last couple of weeks, I have found myself the focus of an avalanche of negative publicity. As I have reflected upon the environment this has created -- one in which a rush to judgment takes precedence over everything else, including the facts -- I have reached the conclusion I cannot continue to be effective in my current roles," he said.

Wynn is a towering figure in the gambling world who helped revitalize Las Vegas with resorts such as The Bellagio, The Mirage and Treasure Island.

In addition to being a business mogul, Wynn also served as the finance chairman of the Republican National Committee before resigning from that post last month, and has been a large contributor to the Republican Party.

莫桑比克否认与朝鲜做生意

莫桑比克否认它违反了联合国的制裁继续与朝鲜做生意。

美国有线电视新闻网（CNN）本月的报道说，朝鲜与莫桑比克签署了数以百万美元计的合同，通过外交渠道转送资金，并利用在莫桑比克沿海渔船的获利资助其核项目。

但是莫桑比克外交部副部长卢卡斯否认该国政府与朝鲜达成任何违反联合国制裁的协议。她说，莫桑比克欢迎外来监督。

她还说，政府正对莫桑比克的公司提供培训，帮助它们了解有关联合国制裁的信息，并查封制止了非法活动。

CNN的报道还说，朝鲜帮助训练莫桑比克的精锐部队，还向莫桑比克军队提供技术支持。联合国早先的一份报告称，朝鲜和莫桑比克的军事伙伴计划至少在600万美元的规模。报告说，朝鲜利用一个空壳公司出售武器，包括导弹、雷达和防空系统。

Mozambique Denies Doing Business with North Korea

Mozambique is denying allegations that it continues to do business with North Korea in violation of U.N. sanctions.

A CNN report published this month found that North Korea has signed contracts worth millions of dollars in Mozambique, funneled the money through diplomatic channels and used profits from fishing vessels off the Mozambican coast to fund its nuclear program.

But Mozambique’s deputy minister of foreign affairs and cooperation, Maria Manuela Lucas, denied that her government has made any agreements with North Korea that violate sanctions. She said Mozambique welcomes outside monitoring.

She also said her government is working with private Mozambican businesses to educate them about the sanctions and shut down illegal operations.

The report also alleges that North Korea is providing military training to elite Mozambican forces and offering technical support to the military. A previous U.N. report alleged that North Korea and Mozambique had a military partnership worth at least $6 million. North Korea used a shell company to sell weapons, including missiles, radar and air defense systems, according to the report.