加泰罗尼亚新议会首次开会

自从西班牙政府对独立公投做出反应，解散了加泰罗尼亚议会并下令举行新选举以来，加泰罗尼亚地区的议会星期三第一次开会。

主张独立的各政党在新议会中占据微弱多数，但议会要组建政府，并选出议会领导人。

议会星期三开会之前，两个主张独立的政党达成协议，支持前加泰罗尼亚领导人普伊格蒙特（Carles Puigdemont）作为再次担任这个职务的候选人。

普伊格蒙特领导了推动脱离西班牙的独立公投运动。参加投票的选民中大多数人主张独立。马德里政府解散议会并暂时取消了加泰罗尼亚地区的自治之后，普伊格蒙特逃到布鲁塞尔。他如果返回西班牙会面临逮捕。

西班牙首相拉霍伊说，普伊格蒙特在流亡期间不能担任加泰罗尼亚领导人，如果他被再次选为领导人，那么暂停加泰罗尼亚自治的决定将继续有效。

Catalonia Parliament Holding First Meeting Since Elections

The parliament in Spain's Catalonia region is set to meet for the first time Wednesday since the country's central government dissolved the body and ordered new elections in response to an independence referendum.

Pro-independence parties together have a narrow majority in the new body, but lawmakers will need to form a government and pick their leadership.

Ahead of Wednesday's session, two separatist parties reached an agreement to support former Catalan President Carles Puigdemont as a candidate to again take that role.

Puigdemont led the push for the referendum on Catalonia seceding from Spain, which was supported by the majority of people who voted. After the government in Madrid dissolved the parliament and suspended the region's autonomy, Puigdemont fled to Brussels. He faces arrest if he returns to Spain.

Spain's prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, says Puigdemont cannot act as Catalan president while in exile, and that if he is chosen then the suspension of Catalonia's autonomy will remain in effect.

法国港口卡莱移民数量增加 马克龙要英国出钱

法国将要求英国支付更多的费用来应对当前法国卡莱港口附近的移民危机。卡莱是从欧洲大陆前往英国的主要门户港口。

法国总统马克龙星期二访问了位于法国北部的卡莱，在那里的一个收容所与一些移民见面，并在一次对警察的讲话中赞扬警方坚持做出的努力。

预计马克龙今后数周内将推出新的移民政策。法国本周公布的官方统计显示，2017年有10万多人申请庇护，创史上新高。

根据英国和法国达成的协议，英国的边防现在设在法国一侧的卡莱。

马克龙总统计划星期四访问英国，与英国首相特蕾莎·梅会谈。预计他将要求英国接受更多的申请庇护者，并为维护英法之间的边防提供更多资金。

数以百计的申请庇护者目前在卡莱附近的简易庇护所安身，居住条件恶劣。他们大都来自非洲和中东。通往卡莱港口的道路上已经用铁丝网封闭，但是经常有移民设法越过铁丝网，试图藏在汽车或卡车里，从英吉利海峡的海底隧道进入英国。

As Migrants Return To French Port Of Calais, Macron Demands Britain Pay Up

France is set to demand that Britain pay more to deal with the ongoing migrant crisis around the port of Calais, the main gateway from the European mainland to the UK.

French President Emmanuel Macron visited the northern town Tuesday, where he met migrants at a local shelter, and praised the commitment of the police in a speech to local officers.

Macron is expected to unveil new immigration policies in the coming weeks. Official figures this week showed a record number of asylum applications in 2017, exceeding 100,000 people.

Currently, British border controls are hosted in Calais under an agreement between Britain and France.

Macron is due to travel to London Thursday for talks with Prime Minister Theresa May and is expected to demand Britain accept more asylum seekers and pay more toward policing the border.

Hundreds of asylum seekers, mainly from Africa and the Middle East, are living in dire conditions in makeshift camps around Calais. The roads leading to the port are lined with rows of razor wire fences, but the migrants regularly scale the barriers and attempt to hide in trucks and cars heading across the English Channel.