朝鲜称计划于2021年初实现无核化

朝鲜领导人金正恩表示，他的目标是在2021年初美国总统特朗普的第一个任期结束时实现朝鲜半岛无核化，特朗普对此表示感谢。

平壤的去核谈判最近停滞不前。特朗普总统上个月取消了国务卿蓬佩奥计划返回朝鲜进行更多谈判的行程。

特朗普总统周四在推特上对金正恩的声明表示谢意，他的推文写道，“朝鲜（领导人）金正恩声明‘对特朗普总统的信心坚定不移’，谢谢金主席。我们会一起完成这个目标！”

朝鲜官方的朝中社发表声明称，金正恩有意愿“彻底消除朝鲜半岛武装冲突和战争恐怖的危险，并将其变为没有核武器，不受核威胁的和平的摇篮”。

南北双方还表示，两国领导人将于9月18日至20日在平壤举行第三次峰会。

韩国总统文在寅周四晚些时候与助手开会时表示，他对这次与金正恩的会谈将有助于美朝加速对话从而实现半岛完全无核化抱有很高期望。

在今年4月的第一次朝韩峰会期间，文在寅和金正恩同意寻求正式结束1950至1953的朝鲜战争。那场战争是以停战协议而不是和平条约结束，理论上南北双方仍处于战争状态。但是华盛顿要求平壤在签署任何正式和平协议之前完全放弃其核武计划，而朝鲜则希望美国从半岛撤军。

North Korea: Aiming for Denucelarization by Early 2021

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un says he is aiming to denuclearize the Korean peninsula by the end of U.S. President Donald Trump's first term in early 2021, prompting thanks from the American leader.

Talks to dismantle Pyongyang's nuclear arsenal have stalled recently, with Trump last month ordering Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to not return to North Korea for more discussions.

But Trump welcomed Kim's statement Thursday, writing on Twitter, "Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims 'unwavering faith in President Trump.' Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!"

North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency issued a statement saying it is Kim Jong Un's "will to completely remove the danger of armed conflict and horror of war from the Korean peninsula and turn it into the cradle of peace without nuclear weapons and free from nuclear threat."

North and South Korea said they would hold their third summit in Pyongyang from September 18 to 20.

The previous two Korean summits were held in Panmunjon, the truce village in the border zone that separates the autocratic North from the democratic South.

During a meeting with his aides later Thursday, Moon said he had high expectations that his next summit with Kim would accelerate talks between the U.S. and North Korea, leading to the complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.

During their first summit in April, Moon and Kim agreed to seek a formal end to 1950-53 Korean War, which ended with a truce rather than a peace treaty, leaving the sides in a technical state of war. But Washington is demanding that Pyongyang completely abandon its nuclear weapons program ahead of any formal peace deal, while North Korea wants the United States to remove all its troops from the Korean Peninsula.

美、印签署协议，扩大军事关系

美国和印度星期四签署一项协议，允许印度获得包括武装无人机“卫士”在内的高端美国武器，为双方扩大军事关系迈出重大一步。

协议是在美国国防部长马蒂斯、国务卿蓬佩奥与印度防长及外长在新德里会晤时签署的。

马蒂斯说， “这份具有里程碑意义的协议加深了我们军方之间的合作，以及我们分享最先进国防技术的能力，让我们两国都更强大。”

如果“卫士”无人机的销售成交，印度将成为第一个购买美国武装无人机的非北约国家。

这一协议反映出美印关系日益增长。这两国全球最大的民主国家都在关注中国力量的崛起。

印度的大多数武器都是俄罗斯制造的，这是印度与前苏联在冷战时期的关系遗留下来的。不过美国对印度的军火销售迅速增加 ，从2008年的零增加到今年的150亿美元。美国目前是印度第二大武器供应国。

美国和印度也同意举行一次新的军事演习。演习将包括海、陆、空军，将于2019年在印度东海岸举行。

US, India Ink Deal to Expand Defense Ties

The United States and India took a major step to expand defense ties Thursday, signing a deal that allows India to acquire high-end U.S. weaponry, including armed Guardian drones.

The agreement was signed during a meeting in New Delhi among U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and their Indian counterparts.

“The landmark agreement deepens our military to military cooperation and our ability to share the most advanced defense technology, making us both stronger,” Mattis said.

If the Guardian sale goes through, India would become the first non-NATO country to buy armed U.S. drones.

The deal reflects growing ties between the U.S. and India – the world’s two largest democracies – both of whom are concerned about China’s rising power.

Most of India’s weapons are Russian-made, a legacy of India’s Cold War relationship with the Soviet Union. But U.S. military sales to India have expanded rapidly – going from zero in 2008 to $15 billion this year. That figure now stands to increase, with the new agreement in place.

The U.S. is currently India’s second-largest weapons supplier.

The U.S. and India also agreed to hold a new military exercise. The exercise will involve sea, land, and air forces. It will occur of the eastern coast of India in 2019.