朝鲜领导人金正恩结束两天对中国的访问

朝鲜领导人金正恩对中国进行两天访问之后星期三返回平壤。中国是贫困的朝鲜的主要经济和外交盟友。

朝鲜官方的朝中社说，金正恩感谢中国国家主席习近平支持他和美国总统川普上星期在新加坡举行的历史性峰会。金正恩还说，平壤和北京进入了双边合作与友谊的新时代。

习近平主席星期二在北京的人民大会堂的招待会上欢迎年轻的朝鲜领导人来访。报道援引习近平的话说，美朝峰会标志着“走向以政治方案解决朝鲜半岛核问题的重要一步”，并表示希望朝鲜和美国“落实好首脑会晤成果”。

金正恩和川普总统同意为朝鲜半岛的彻底非核化而努力，换取美国同意提供安全保障以及暂停平壤一直愤愤不平的美韩联合军演。

上星期的美朝峰会是朝鲜领导人和美国在任总统的第一次会面。

金正恩这次的访问是他今年第三次访问中国。在他星期三离开前，官方没有公布有关他访问中国的具体正式议程。

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un Ends Two-Day Trip to China

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will return to Pyongyang Wednesday after a two-day visit to China, the chief economic and diplomatic ally of his impoverished regime.

The North's official Korean Central News Agency said Kim thanked Chinese President Xi Jinping for supporting Kim's historic summit with U.S. President Donald Trump in Singapore last week. Kim also said Pyongyang and Beijing had entered into a new era of bilateral cooperation and friendship.

President Xi welcomed the young North Korean leader Tuesday during a reception at Beijing's Great Hall of the People. He was quoted as saying the summit marked an "important step toward the political solution of the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue" and hoped North Korea and the United States can "implement well the outcomes achieved at the summit."

Kim and President Donald Trump agreed to work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula in exchange for U.S. security agreements and a suspension of joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises that have angered Pyongyang.

Last week's summit was the first of its kind between a North Korean leader and a U.S. president.

This is Kim Jong Un's third visit to China this year. No official agenda has been announced for his schedule prior to his departure Wednesday.

印尼渡轮沉没 仍有近180人失踪

一艘渡轮本星期早些时候在印度尼西亚苏门答腊岛上颇受游客青睐的湖上沉没后仍然有多达180人失踪。

有关当局派出了潜水员和水下无人探测器在面积为1145平方公里的塔巴湖搜寻沉没的渡轮。渡轮星期一晚上沉没时人员超载，出乘客外还载有数十辆摩托车。塔巴湖是一座数万年前爆发的巨大火山的火山口，风景如画，深受游客喜爱。

沉船事故发生后有18名乘客获救，但是由于风急浪高，救援努力受阻。有关当局认为，很多遇难者可能仍在渡轮内。

渡轮在塔巴湖沉没后，救援人员已找到3具尸体。

印度尼西亚安全规定执行不力，经常发生沉船的悲剧。这个在印度洋上的国家由1万7千个大小岛屿组成。

Nearly 180 Passengers Still Missing in Indonesia Ferry Sinking

As many as 180 people are still missing after a ferry sank in at a popular lake on Indonesia's Sumatra island earlier this week.

Authorities have deployed divers and an underwater drone to search the 1,145-square kilometer Lake Toba for the sunken vessel, which was overloaded with passengers and dozens of motorcycles when it capsized Monday evening. Lake Toba, which fills the crater of a giant volcano that erupted tens of thousands of years ago, is a popular and picturesque destination for tourists.

Eighteen passengers were rescued hours after the accident, but further rescue efforts were hampered by high winds and rough waters. Authorities believe many of the victims are still inside the ferry.

Three bodies have been pulled out of Lake Toba since the sinking.

Ferry sinkings are a common tragedy in Indonesia, a vast archipelago of 17,000 islands in the Indian Ocean, due to weak enforcement of safety regulations.