韩朝就冬奥会举行会谈

韩国和朝鲜的代表团星期一会见，最后商定朝鲜向韩国下个月举办的冬季奥运会派出一个表演艺术团的问题。

在双方交界的板门店村的会谈很可能聚焦于有名的朝鲜牡丹峰乐团的日程。据报道，牡丹峰乐团的成员都是朝鲜领导人金正恩一手挑选。

朝鲜说，它的平昌冬奥会代表团除运动员外还有包括艺术家、官员、记者和其他人员。

韩国统一部说，朝鲜代表团的规模将于1月20号朝鲜与国际奥林匹克委员会会谈的时候确定。

朝鲜最近在冬奥会问题上的和解姿态被广泛认为是努力化解它去年进行核武器及弹道导弹试射引起的紧张。

Two Koreas Hold Winter Olympics Talks

Delegations from the two Koreas met Monday to hammer out details about the North sending a troupe of artistic performers to next month's Winter Olympics in the South.

The meeting in the border village of Panmunjom was expected to have focused on a schedule for the North's famed all-female Moranbong music band, whose members are reported to have been handpicked by the North's leader, Kim Jong Un.

The North has said its delegation to the Winter Games in Pyeongchang would include artists, officials, journalists and others, as well as athletes.

South Korea's Unification Ministry said the size of North Korea's delegation will be finalized when North Korea meets with the International Olympic Committee on January 20.

North Korea's recent conciliatory moves in connection with the Olympics are widely viewed as an attempt to ease tensions after last year's nuclear and ballistic missile tests.


美国民众马丁.路德.金日弘扬社区精神

美国民众星期天庆祝马丁·路德·金日，纪念美国民权运动的著名领导人马丁·路德·金。他在领导民权时坚持非暴力理念。

马丁·路德·金日是每年一月的第三个星期一。美国人民在这一天纪念这位20世纪50年代和60年代领导民权运动的领袖。他在美国南方组织了反对种族隔离的抗议，以及为黑人争取平等和选举权的运动。

美国各地有很多民众通过社区服务来纪念马丁·路德·金为终止种族主义付出的努力。美国国会1994年为鼓励这种社区精神，将马丁·路德·金日定位联邦假日。

川普总统星期五在华盛顿参加了一个纪念马丁·路德·金的活动，赞扬他为公正与平等而进行的非暴力奋斗。

Americans Celebrate Slain Civil Rights Leader Martin Luther King Jr.

Americans on Monday celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Day, honoring a man who embodied the U.S. civil rights movement and who understood that the success of the movement depended on its nonviolent principles.

Every year on the third Monday in January, Americans honor the slain civil rights leader who in the 1950s and 1960s organized nonviolent protests against Southern segregation, the struggle for black equality and voting rights.

Many around the country spend the holiday commemorating King's tireless work to end racism by participating in community service projects. The U.S. Congress honored that community spirit in 1994 by designating the King holiday as a national day of service.

President Donald Trump paid tribute to King during a ceremony in Washington Friday, praising his “peaceful crusade for justice and equality.”