成千上万波兰民众抗议政府司法改革

预计波兰各地星期三将发生更多针对一项新法律的抗议活动。成千上万波兰民众举行示威，反对他们所称的右翼政府控制法院的计划。

星期二，华沙和其它城市数以千计的示威民众挥舞波兰和欧盟旗帜，呼喊要求维护法院独立的口号。

波兰的一项新法律降低了法官的法定退休年龄，三分之一最高法院的法官星期三将被迫退休，其中包括首席法官格尔斯多夫。格尔斯多夫法官是对保守的执政党法律正义党的猛烈批评的人士，她称这项法律是“以实施有追溯效力改变退休年龄的法律在最高法院进行的清洗”。

诺贝尔和平奖得主、团结工会创始人瓦文萨说，他将参加星期三的游行示威，还说要领导一场运动，“切实根除罪恶之源”。他是指法律正义党主席卡钦斯基。瓦文萨没有详细解释他讲的“切实根除”。

波兰政府说，必须进行司法改革，很多规定还是当年共产党当政时制定的。

Thousands of Poles March Against Judicial Reform

More protests against a new judiciary law are expected across Poland Wednesday as thousands march against what they say is the right-wing government's plans to take over the courts.

Thousands waving Polish and European Union flags and shouting slogans demanding free courts demonstrated in Warsaw and other Polish cities Tuesday.

Under a new law that lowers the mandatory retirement age for justices, more than a third of Supreme Court justices will be forced into retirement Wednesday. They include Supreme Court President Malgorzata Gersdorf, a strong critic of the ruling conservative Law and Justice party. She calls it a "purge conducted in the Supreme Court ... under the pretext of the retrospective change in retirement age."

Nobel Prize-winning Solidarity founder Lech Walesa said he will be among those marching Wednesday, saying he is ready to "lead a physical removal of the main perpetrator of all misfortune" -- a reference to Law and Justice party chief Jaroslaw Kaczynski. Walesa did not elaborate on what he meant by "physical removal."

The government says changes to the judiciary are necessary, saying many of the rules date back to the days of communism.

印尼渡轮事故死亡人数升至31人

印度尼西亚负责救灾事务的官员说，一艘渡轮在苏拉威西岛附近搁浅，31人丧生。

载有大约140人的轮渡星期二下午遇到恶劣天气，船内开始进水。船长为了保护生命，将渡轮开到离海岸大约300米的珊瑚礁上。电视画面显示一些乘客拼命抓住在水中倾斜的轮渡，还有一些人穿着救生衣在波涛汹涌的海面上漂浮。

将近70名乘客获救，目前仍有41人失踪。

星期二轮渡事故发生当天，当局停止了对另一艘渡轮遇难乘客的搜索。一艘轮渡上个月在苏门答腊岛上的一个湖上下沉，据信160多名乘客仍在船内。

印尼安全监管薄弱，经常发生渡轮沉没事故。这个印度洋国家由1万7千个岛屿组成。

Death Toll in Indonesia Ferry Accident Rises to 31 Passengers

Indonesia disaster officials now say 31 people have been confirmed dead after a ferry ran aground off the island of Sulawesi.

The ferry was carrying about 140 people Tuesday afternoon when it was hit by rough weather and began taking on water. The captain steered the vessel onto a reef about 300 meters from shore in an effort to save lives. Television footage showed passengers desperately hanging on to the ferry as it listed in the waters, or floating in the rough seas wearing life jackets.

Nearly 70 passengers have been rescued from the wreckage, while another 41 passengers remain missing.

Tuesday's accident occurred on the same day that authorities called off the search for more than 160 passengers believed to be trapped inside the wreckage of a ferry that sunk last month in a popular lake on Sumatra island.

Ferry sinkings are a common tragedy in Indonesia, a vast archipelago of 17,000 islands in the Indian Ocean, due to weak enforcement of safety regulations.