美国民众星期二纪念9/11恐怖袭击17周年。

2001年9月11号恐怖分子在纽约、维吉尼亚和宾夕法尼亚州发动恐怖袭击，导致近3千人丧生。

美国总统特朗普11号到宾州的尚克斯维尔参加纪念活动。2001年9月11号，被基地组织恐怖分子劫持的美联航93号班机上的乘客与恐怖分子进行搏斗，最后飞机坠毁在尚克斯维尔。

美国总统每年一度宣布9月11号为“爱国日”。特朗普总统说，这一“邪恶的行为”没有摧毁美国的精神以及美国对于自由的承诺。

美国副总统彭斯在华盛顿郊外的五角大楼参加悼念活动。

在纽约，数百名幸存者和遇难者的家属聚集在世贸中心的双子塔所在地。

与基地组织有关的19名恐怖分子发动的这场恐怖袭击，成为美国本土自1941年珍珠港袭击后遭遇的伤亡最严重的袭击，它改变了美国人对安全的看法，导致当时的布什总统发动了反恐战争。

Americans on Tuesday are marking the 17th anniversary of the Sept. 11

Americans on Tuesday are marking the 17th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks that killed almost 3,000 people in New York, Virginia and Pennsylvania.

President Donald Trump is attending a ceremony at the 9/11 memorial in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed after passengers retook control from the al-Qaida-affiliated terrorists who had hijacked the plane.

In the annual presidential proclamation declaring September 11 as Patriot Day, Trump said the "evil acts" did not crush the country's spirit or its commitment to freedom.

Just outside Washington, Vice President Mike Pence is attending a ceremony at the Pentagon.

And in New York, hundreds of survivors and family members of those killed gathered at Ground Zero.

The hijackings were carried out by 19 men affiliated with al-Qaida. The deadliest attack on American soil since Pearl Harbor in 1941, the events of Sept. 11 permanently changed America's perception of security and prompted then-President George W. Bush to declare war on terrorism.

韩总统促美国和朝鲜为非核化做出“勇敢决定”

韩国总统文在寅呼吁美国和朝鲜为实现朝鲜半岛“彻底非核化”的目标“做出勇敢决定”。

文在寅总统星期二在首尔召开内阁会议时说，说服朝鲜放弃其核武器计划基本是一个应该由华盛顿和平壤通过谈判解决的问题。

美国总统特朗普和朝鲜领导人金正恩今年6月在新加坡举行历史性峰会时签署了朝鲜废除其核计划的协议。

但是双方在朝鲜终结核武器及导弹开发项目的速度上陷入僵局，导致特朗普总统上个月取消蓬佩奥国务卿访问朝鲜的计划。

文在寅总统对内阁成员说，韩国必须作为美国和朝鲜的中间人，直到双方的会谈和沟通更为顺畅。他还说，特朗普总统和金正恩要求他发挥这个作用。

South Korea's Moon Calls for "Bold Decisions" by US and North Korea

South Korean President Moon Jae-in is calling for the United States and North Korea to "make bold decisions" to achieve the goal of "complete denuclearization" of the Korean peninsula.

During a meeting with his cabinet in Seoul Tuesday, President Moon said convincing the North to abandon its nuclear weapons program is "an issue that should fundamentally be resolved through negotiations" between Washington and Pyongyang.

U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un signed an agreement during their historic summit in Singapore in June for the North to dismantle its nuclear program.

But the two sides are at an impasse over the pace of North Korea ending its nuclear and missile development programs, prompting President Trump to cancel Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's trip to North Korea last month.

Moon told his cabinet that Seoul must serve as an intermediary between the United States and the North "until talks and communication...become more active," adding that Trump and Kim have asked him to serve in this role.