联合国人权理事会开始收集缅甸犯罪记录

联合国人权理事会周四同意成立一个小组，收集记录缅甸政府被控对该国罗兴亚少数民族犯下的罪行。

由47名成员组成的人权理事会以35票对3票赞成建立一个“独立机制”，对之前一个事实调查委员会的调查结果进行跟进。

大赦国际在一份声明中呼吁联合国安理会将此事提交国际刑事法院，声明说，“今天授权的新机制将收集和保存证据并准备案件档案，以便今后对那些应对国际法规定的一些极为严重罪行负责的人进行刑事追究。”

缅甸以佛教徒为主的政府在罗兴亚武装分子发动一系列袭击之后，于2017年开始对若开邦地区展开大规模镇压行动，导致70多万名穆斯林为主的罗兴亚人逃往邻国孟加拉国。

国际观察员指责缅甸军队烧毁村庄并实施大规模强奸、酷刑和杀戮。联合国将这种情况称为“种族清洗的标准案例”。

罗兴亚长期以来受到缅甸政府的歧视。罗兴亚人几十年来一直无法获得公民身份，基本上成为无国籍的人。

UN Rights Council Sets Up Team to Document Myanmar Crimes

The U.N. Human Rights Council agreed Thursday to set up a team that will document alleged crimes committed by the Myanmar government against the country’s Rohingya minority.

The 47-member council voted 35-3 in favor of creating an “independent mechanism” that will follow up on a previous fact-finding commission.

“The new mechanism mandated today will collect and preserve evidence and prepare case files for any future criminal prosecution of those responsible for some of the gravest crimes under international law,” said Tirana Hassan of Amnesty International in a statement, calling for the U.N. Security Council to refer the matter to the International Criminal Court.

More than 700,000 members of the mostly Muslim Rohingya have fled to neighboring Bangladesh from Rakhine state since the largely Buddhist government of Myanmar began a widespread crackdown across the region in 2017 in response to of series of attacks committed by Rohingya militants.

International observers have accused the Myanmar military of burning villages and committing mass rape, torture and murder. The U.N. has referred to the situation as a “textbook case of ethnic cleansing.”

Rohingya have long dealt with discrimination at the hands of the government of Myanmar. The group has been denied citizenship for decades, essentially rendering its members stateless.

优步因瞒报数据被盗以近1.5亿美元庭外和解

网约车服务公司优步已同意支付1.48亿美元，对其隐瞒大量数据被盗事件的指控做出庭外和解，这些数据暴露了司机和客户的个人信息。

优步在2016年11月就了解到黑客已入侵大约600,000名优步司机的个人数据，包括他们的驾驶执照号码。黑客还窃取了全球5700万名优步乘客的电子邮件地址和手机号码。

这一诉讼在美国各州和哥伦比亚特区都立了案。指控称事发后，优步没有通知有关司机，而是将他们个人信息被盗一事隐藏了一年多，并因担心数据被滥用而支付了赎金。

伊利诺伊州总检查长对美联社表示，“这是在通知用户方面我们见过的最令人震惊的案件之一。长达一年的延迟是不可原谅的。”

优步的首席法律代表托尼·韦斯特表示，公司在进行重大管理层变动之后才决定对黑客袭击事件坦白承认。他说，“这体现了我们今天业务经营的原则：透明、诚信和负责任。”

庭外和解的金额将根据各州司机人数分配。估计大多数州受影响的优步司机每人将获得约100美元。

Uber to Pay $148M for Hiding Data Breach

The ride-hailing service Uber has agreed to pay $148 million to settle claims that it concealed a massive data breach that exposed personal information of drivers and customers.

In November 2016, Uber learned that hackers had accessed personal data of about 600,000 Uber drivers, including their driver's license numbers. Hackers also had stolen email addresses and cellphone numbers of 57 million riders worldwide.

The claims, filed in every U.S. state and the District of Columbia, said rather than inform the drivers involved, Uber hid the breach for more than a year and paid ransom to ensure the data wouldn't be misused.

"This is one of the most egregious cases we've ever seen in terms of notification; a yearlong delay is just inexcusable,'' Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan told The Associated Press.

Uber's chief legal officer, Tony West, said the decision to come clean about the hack was made after major management changes at the company.

"It embodies the principles by which we are running our business today: transparency, integrity and accountability,'' West said.

Each state will receive a part of the settlement based on how many drivers they have. Most states estimate each affected Uber driver will receive about $100.