意大利呼吁欧盟帮助应对非法移民危机

意大利阻止欧盟在布鲁塞尔的峰会达成任何协议，要求欧盟对帮助意大利应对非法移民危机做出更多努力。

上任一个月的意大利民粹主义政府拒绝在任何欧盟协议上签字，除非欧盟其它成员帮助应对从北非抵达意大利的非法移民和难民。

意大利总理孔特说：“意大利需要的不是更多的言词，而是切实的行动。”

欧盟峰会的与会国计划在非洲北部国家设立甄别设施，减缓渡过地中海前往欧洲，其中大多数抵达意大利的人潮。目前没有任何国家同意在本国建立甄别设施，但是欧盟领导人希望以援助资金鼓励各国接受这个计划。

抵达欧洲的非法移民和难民人数比2015年有大幅度下降。2015年的难民潮引发欧盟28个成员国之间有关如何应对这个危机的分歧。一些国家主张采取更开放的政策，另一些国家则设立屏障，阻止抵达欧洲的人入境。

欧盟说，2015年有180万人非法越境进入欧盟国家。欧盟主席塔斯克在这次峰会前的一份信函中说，非法越境进入欧盟的人数从最高峰时期下降了96%。

Italy Demands EU Do More on Migration Crisis

Italy has blocked the adoption of any agreements at the European Union summit in Brussels, demanding that the bloc do more to help Rome's migration crisis.

Italy's month-old populist government refused to sign any joint agreements, instead holding out for action by other European countries to help deal with the migrants and refugees coming to Italy from North Africa.

"Italy doesn't need any more verbal signs, but concrete deeds,'' Italian Premier Giuseppe Conte said.

Summit participants are planning to set up screening facilities in North African countries to slow the stream of people crossing the Mediterranean Sea to get to the EU, often through Italy. While no countries have as yet agreed to host such screening posts, EU leaders hope to entice them with aid money.

Arrivals to the continent have dropped sharply since a 2015 crisis that drew sharp divisions among the bloc's 28 members about how they should respond. Some countries promoted more open-door policies, while others set up barriers to prevent those who reached Europe from crossing their borders.

The EU said in 2015 there were more than 1.8 million illegal border crossings into member countries. EU President Donald Tusk wrote in a letter ahead of the summit the number of illegal crossings has dropped by 96 percent since its peak.

越南与欧盟自贸协议预计刺激经济大幅增长

分析人士说，越南预计今年批准的一项与欧盟的贸易协议将加速越南出口型经济的发展而不需要美国市场的帮助。

根据协力管理咨询有限公司（Dezan Shira & Associates）的数据，欧盟和越南2015年签订的自由贸易协定将在2019年之前带来0.5%的经济增长，超过7%。

越南共产党中央委员会机关报“人民报”的网站报道，越南产业贸易部星期二说，双方已经完成了对协议的法律审议。这项协定必须经过欧洲议会和越南议会的批准方能生效。

有5亿人口的欧盟是越南第三大贸易伙伴，去年的贸易额为504亿美元，排在中国和美国之后。

越南依赖服装、汽车零配件和电子消费品的出口来促进经济增长，其经济增长速度已超过世界很多国家。越南曾希望跨太平洋贸易伙伴协议将能让它以零关税进入美国市场，但是川普总统去年退出了这项贸易协定。

根据欧盟和越南的自贸协议，双方在10年期间完全取消99%贸易产品的关税，越南向欧盟开放医疗、包装和会议主办等领域的市场。

Vietnam Expects Economic Boom from Trade Deal with European Union

A trade deal with the European Union expected to be ratified this year will accelerate growth of Vietnam’s export-reliant economy without help from the U.S. market, analysts say.

The European Union-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement signed in 2015 should speed annual economic growth by half a percent to more than seven percent by 2019, according to data from the business consultancy Dezan Shira & Associates.

Vietnam’s Ministry of Industry and Trade said Tuesday the two sides had finished a legal review of the deal, the Vietnamese Communist Party news website Nhan Dan Online reported. The deal must pass the European Parliament as well as Vietnamese lawmakers.

Vietnam counts the European Union, with a market of about 500 million people, as its No. 3 trading partner after China and the United States. Their trade totaled about $50.4 billion last year.

Vietnam relies on exports of garments, auto parts and consumer electronics to stoke a GDP that already outgrows most of the world. It had hoped the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal would open tariff-free access to the United States until U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from it last year.

The EU-Vietnam deal will eliminate import tariffs on 99 percent of all goods within a decade and open Vietnam to European services such as healthcare, packaging and conference hosting.