美国国会争分夺秒 争取通过一万三千亿美元的开支议案

美国国会领导人在最后期限临近之际，就一万三千亿美元的联邦开支达成一致。

国会要在星期五深夜之前表决通过才能避免今年联邦政府第三次停摆。几乎可以肯定议案会获得通过。

这项议案为联邦政府在今年9月底之前的运作提供资金。白宫在星期三公布的一项声明中说，川普总统支持这项议案。

新开支议案将让川普总统增加军费开支，其中包括把军人工资提高2.4%。

议案还提供16亿美元在美国和墨西哥边境设置阻拦，建造一个150公里的围墙。提供的资金低于川普总统要求的250亿美元。川普总统在竞选总统期间多次提到要建边界围墙，还说费用由墨西哥支付。

川普总统在推特上说：“得到16亿美元在南部边境开始建墙，其余的资金以后还会有。最重要的是，得到7000亿美元重建我们的军队。明年有7160亿美元，最多的军费。为了得到资金给军人涨工资和增加新的装备，不得不同意浪费一些钱让民主党人送大礼。”

民主党参议员领袖舒默说，为达成开支案双方都做出了大量妥协，民主党人感觉很好。

民主党国会议员米克斯说，川普总统所说的“送大礼”都是为照顾退伍军人、改善社区医保中心、加强运输基础设施和保护国家安全的投入。

US Congress Races to Pass $1.3 Trillion Spending Bill

U.S. congressional leaders have reached a deal on a $1.3 trillion spending bill as a budget deadline looms.

Lawmakers now have until midnight Friday to approve it and prevent the year's third government shutdown. Passage of the massive bipartisan effort seems certain.

The bill, which will keep the government funded until the end of September, has President Donald Trump's support, the White House said in a statement released Wednesday.

The bill will give Trump a huge budget increase for the military, including a 2.4 percent pay raise for military personnel.

It also provides $1.6 billion for physical barriers and 150 kilometers of a wall at the U.S.-Mexico border, short of the $25 billion Trump requested for the project he repeatedly touted on the campaign trail while pledging Mexico would pick up the cost.

"Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment," Trump said on Twitter.

Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said there was "plenty" of compromise in the spending package and that members of his party "feel very good."

Democratic Rep. Gregory Meeks said that what the president called "giveaways" were investments in initiatives for military veterans, community health centers, transportation infrastructure and national security.

脸书创始人：在保护用户信息上我们显然犯了错

脸书（Facebook）创始人扎克伯格星期三罕见接受电视采访时说，在有关非法收集用户信息的丑闻中，脸书明显有错。

他对美国的有线电视新闻网（CNN）说：“这是严重违背信任。我对发生的事情十分抱歉。我们负有保护用户信息的基本责任。”

扎克伯格没有具体说脸书犯了什么错误，但是保证将检查所有的应用件（APP）并进行全面核查。

扎克伯格还对CNN说，他肯定有人试图干预将于11月举行的美国国会中期选举，脸书承诺将阻止任何人通过其平台干预选举，也包括即将在巴西和印度举行的选举。

脸书星期五披露，它从2015年就知道英国研究人员柯根从脸书的一个个人测验APP收集了用户数据后与一家研究公司非法分享。这家公司据称非法利用大约5000万脸书用户的数据为包括川普竞选阵营在内的政治竞选阵营提供选民分析。

脸书因为没有在2015年立即通知其用户而受到批评。星期三是扎克伯格第一次公开承认这个问题。

Facebook Founder: We Clearly Made a Mistake in Trying to Protect User Data

Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg said in a rare television interview Wednesday Facebook clearly made a mistake in its part in an illegal data collection scandal.

"This was a major breach of trust. I am really sorry this happened. We have a basic responsibility to protect people's data," he told CNN.

Zuckerberg did not elaborate on what mistake Facebook made, but he promised to check all apps and do a full forensic audit.

He also told CNN he is sure someone is trying to meddle in the upcoming November midterm U.S. congressional elections. He said Facebook is "really committed" to stop anyone from interfering in the elections through Facebook, including upcoming votes in Brazil and India.

Facebook disclosed Friday that it has known since 2015 that British researcher Aleksandr Kogan illegally shared users' information with a research firm, after collecting that data legally through an application for a personality quiz.

The research firm is alleged to have illegally used the data of an estimated 50 million Facebook users to build profiles for U.S. political campaigns, including the presidential campaign of Donald Trump.

Facebook has been criticized for failing to alert its users to the incident in 2015. Wednesday was the first time Zuckerberg publicly addressed the issue.