喀布尔发生汽车炸弹袭击 至少17人死亡

一枚自杀式汽车炸弹周六在阿富汗首都喀布尔一栋政府大楼外的一处人群密集区爆炸，造成至少17人死亡，100多人受伤。

有目击者称，在阿富汗内政部旧楼附近发生这场爆炸后，可以看到有浓烟从首都中心地区升起。

阿富汗内政部一位发言人拉希米向美国之音证实了伤亡情况，并表示炸弹袭击者使用一辆充满爆炸物的救护车在一处平民大量聚集的地区发动了此次袭击。

然而有未经证实的报道称，死亡人数比阿富汗官方报告的要高得多。

“塔利班”组织迅速宣称对策划这场袭击负责。该反叛组织一名发言人称袭击目标是一群阿富汗安全部队的成员。

在这场致命的炸弹袭击发生一周前，塔利班组织五名自杀式炸弹手对位于高度戒备区域内的喀布尔洲际酒店发动袭击，造成包括14名外国人在内的至少22人死亡。死者中包括自少四名美国人。

Suicide Car Bomb in Kabul Kills 17, Wounds 110

A suicide car bomb Saturday ripped through a crowded area outside a government building in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing at least 17 people and wounding more than 100 others.

Thick, dark smoke could be seen rising into the sky from the central part of the capital following the explosion near the old Afghan Interior Ministry building, witnesses said.

An Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman, Nasrat Rahimi, confirmed the casualties to VOA, saying the bomber used an explosives-filled ambulance to carry out the attack in an area where civilians had gathered in large number.

Unconfirmed reports, however, said the death toll is much higher than what Afghan officials reported.

The Taliban instantly took responsibility for plotting the attack. A spokesman for the insurgent group said the target was a crowd of personnel of the Afghan security force.

The deadly bombing came a week after five heavily armed Taliban suicide bombers stormed Kabul's Intercontinental Hotel in a highly secured part of the city. The raid killed at least 22 people, including 14 foreigners. At least four Americans were among the dead.
谋求提高声望 中国推动海上合作研究

中国增强与其他国家合作进行海洋研究，尤其是在主权有争议的南中国海展开合作。分析人士说，中国的这些活动能帮助改进国际海域的海洋健康，也有助于增进中国在这一地区的声望。

据马来西亚媒体报道，中国去年帮助了马来西亚展开在远海上空的大气层研究和其他海洋科学研究项目。

今年1月和2月，中国将与菲律宾一道探测海底高原。

中国官方的新华社报道，中国一艘科学研究船1月17日抵达缅甸，准备展开一项联合海洋科学研究。

分析人士们说，这些活动一方面让中国和那些伙伴国合作寻找有价值的海洋资源，另一方面又有助于北京为自己树立一个值得信赖的亚太共享海域守卫者的形象。

自从2016年7月一个国际仲裁庭在南中国海问题上做出对中国不利的裁决以来，北京改善了跟其他申索国的经贸关系，好让这些国家不再关注这一法律争执。

Joint Research Projects Help China Consolidate Power At Sea

An increase in Sino-foreign joint maritime research, particularly in the disputed South China Sea, is helping China improve its regional reputation by contributing to the health and utility of international waterways, analysts say.

China helped Malaysia with atmospheric studies on the high seas last year, among other marine science projects, reports from Malaysia say.

This month and next China will work with the Philippines on exploring an underwater plateau, and Beijing's official Xinhua News Agency said a vessel of Chinese scientists had reached port in Myanmar January 17 for joint oceanographic research.

Analysts say these cases, and others, let China and its partners find valuable marine resources while casting Beijing as a trustworthy steward of shared oceans in Asia.

Since a world arbitration court ruled against the scope of China's claim in mid-2016, Beijing has improved economic ties with other claimants to put the legal dispute behind them.