朴槿惠放弃对其24年刑期判决提出上诉

韩国前总统朴槿惠不准备对她24年徒刑的判决提出上诉。

韩联社周一报道说，朴槿惠已经提交了一份弃权书，显然推翻了她妹妹周五提出的上诉。

上诉审判仍将进行，因为检方还在寻求更严厉的判决，声称这位前总统在本月早些时候的判决中避免了一些指控。

朴槿惠一直抵制法庭的诉讼，声称她受到不公平待遇。

朴槿惠去年被韩国宪法法庭罢免，之前她被控与多年好友崔顺实串通，强迫一些企业向一个可疑的基金会捐款7000万美元，以换取获得优惠待遇。

South Korea's Park Not to Appeal 24-Year Prison Sentence

South Korea's former president has decided not to appeal her 24-year prison sentence.

Yonhap news agency reported Monday that Park Geun-hye has submitted a waiver to apparently override an appeal filed by her younger sister Friday.

An appeals trial will still be held because prosecutors are seeking a tougher sentence, claiming the ex-president was able to avoid some charges earlier this month.

Park has boycotted all court proceedings, claiming unfair treatment.

Park was forced from office last year by South Korea's Constitutional Court over allegations she colluded with longtime friend Choi Soon-sil to extort companies to donate $70 million to dubious foundations in exchange for favorable treatment.

纽约发生以自杀抗议污染惨剧

一位知名的同性恋者权益律师在纽约市一个公园内为了抗议他所说的毁灭环境自焚身亡。

慢跑者和骑自行车者星期六在纽约市布鲁克林区的展望公园发现了戴维·巴克尔烧焦的尸体。看来他把全身都浇上了汽油。

在附近找到一封遗书说，他希望他的死能够让人注意保护地球的必要性。

纽约时报的报道说，这封遗书说：“地球上大部分呼吸着被矿物燃料污染的不健康空气，很多人因此而丧生。我用矿物燃料提前结束我的生命，来显示了们其实都在对自己做这样的事。”

60岁的巴克尔是美国最知名的同性恋权益律师之一。他在参与的案件中都为同性恋者结婚的权利辩护，并反对童子军以前实行但已取消了的禁止同性恋者加入的规定。

Grisly Suicide in New York to Protest Pollution

A renowned gay rights lawyer set himself on fire and burned to death in a New York City park to protest what he said is the destruction of the environment.

Joggers and cyclists found the charred body of David Buckel Saturday in Brooklyn's Prospect Park. He apparently soaked his body with gasoline.

A nearby suicide note said he hopes his death will draw attention to the need to protect the Earth.

"Most humans on the planet now breathe air made unhealthy by fossil fuels, and many die early deaths as a result. My early death by fossil fuel reflects what we are doing to ourselves," the note read, according to The New York Times.