推特有效用户下降 股价下跌19%

社交媒体公司推特报告其有效用户数量减少后，公司股票价格星期五直落将近20%。

推特公司说，2018年第二季度的单月有效用户是3亿3500万，比第一季度减少了100万，并低于华尔街预期的3亿3900万。

推特说，单月有效用户的数量下一季度可能还会继续减少，公司在继续关闭违反服务协议的账号，以及降低某些账号的突出地位。

推特公司说，这个社交平台的稳定比用户增加更重要。不过，这使得投资者更难评估公司的价值，因为他们的主要标准是这个社交平台潜在的用户数量。

推特股票星期五以34.12美元收盘。推特报告了高于预期的营收，但股票仍然下跌。推特上一季度的利润为1亿美元。这是推特连续三个季度盈利。

Twitter Reports Fall in Active Users, Shares Drop 19 Percent

Shares in Twitter dropped close to 20 percent Friday after the social media giant reported a fall in active users.

Twitter said it had 335 million monthly users in the second quarter of the year, which was down a million from the amount of monthly users in the first quarter of the year, and below the 339 million users Wall Street was expecting.

Twitter said that the number of monthly users could continue to fall next quarter as it continues to ban accounts that violate its terms of service and makes other accounts less visible.

The company says it is putting the long-term stability of its platform above user growth. However, the move has made it more difficult for investors to value the company as they rely on data of the platform’s potential user reach.

Shares in Twitter closed at $34.12 Friday. The fall in share prices came despite Twitter reporting higher than expected revenue. During the last quarter, Twitter posted a profit of $100 million, marking the company’s third consecutive quarter in profits.

The drop in Twitter shares comes a day after Facebook lost 19 percent of its value.

Facebook said Thursday that slower user growth in big markets and increased spending to improve privacy would hit margins for years, leading to the company’s worst trading day since it went public in 2012.

美国加州大火越烧越猛

美国加利福尼亚州北部的野火烧毁了500栋建筑。加州官员说，还有5000多栋建筑面临熊熊大火的威胁。

两名消防人员在遏制被称为卡尔大火的行动中丧生。

大火逼近人口9万多的雷丁市之际，数万居民逃离。

加州政府负责林业和防火的部门说，野火已烧过1万7千公顷的土地。

由于被称为弗格森大火的野火迅速蔓延，原计划到优胜美地国家公园游览的游客和徒步远足者被迫改变行程。优胜美地国家公园7月25日关闭，预计8月3日重新开门。

公园管理人员说，至少1000个露营和酒店的预订已被取消。

加州北部的强风助长了火势，据说一些地方有大树被狂风连根拔出。

在加州南部，据信被人蓄意点燃的大火迫使1万2千居民撤离。当局逮捕了一名嫌疑人。

加州州长布朗宣布北部和南部大火地区进入紧急状态，请求联邦紧急救援。布朗州长说，需要救援来防止“迫在眉睫的大灾难”。

California Wildfires Rage On

Northern California's wildfires have destroyed 500 structures, and officials say 5,000 more are being threatened by the massive blaze.

Two firefighters have died combating the so-called Carr Fire.

Tens of thousands of people fled for their lives as the inferno reached the city of Redding, home to more than 90,000 people.

The fire has scorched upwards of 17,000 hectares of land, the state’s forestry and fire protection department (Cal Fire) said.

Tourists and hikers whose vacation plans included visiting Yosemite National Park are

making other plans because of the raging Ferguson Fire. The park has been closed since July 25 and is not expected to re-open until August 3.

Park officials say at least 1,000 campground and hotel bookings have been canceled.

The winds fanning the flames of the fire in Northern California have been so strong in some areas that trees have been uprooted.

In Southern California, a fire, believed to be caused by arson, has forced some 12,000 residents of the town of Idyllwild to evacuate. Authorities have arrested a suspect in the fire.

Governor Jerry Brown has declared states of emergency for areas on both ends of the state. His request for federal emergency assistance said the aid was needed to prevent an "imminent catastrophe."