联合国安理可能会派人前往缅甸和孟加拉国视察

联合国安理会可能本月派人前往缅甸和孟加拉国亲眼查看逃离缅甸军事镇压的数十万罗兴亚穆斯林的境况。

轮值安理会主席的秘鲁驻联合国大使梅沙━郭德拉（Gustavo Meza━Cuadra）说，缅甸政府已经同意了这次访问。

自从去年8月以来，已经有大约70万罗兴亚穆斯林从缅甸的若开邦逃到邻国孟加拉。罗兴亚武装分子袭击了缅甸保安部队后，政府军采取了报复性镇压。联合国说，缅甸政府军进行了组织周密、系统性的镇压，构成“典型的”种族清洗。

自从去年8月以来，外交官、救援人员和记者被限制进入若开邦。

联合国副紧急救济协调员乌苏拉·穆勒（Ursula Mueller）星期一前往缅甸，她将在那里逗留到星期天，查看若开邦、克钦邦以及掸邦的冲突导致的人道危机状况。

UN Security Council Delegation May Visit Myanmar, Bangladesh

The U.N. Security Council may visit Myanmar and Bangladesh this month to see firsthand the situation of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who have fled a military crackdown in Myanmar.

Council president for April, Peruvian Ambassador Gustavo Meza-Cuadra, told reporters that the government of Myanmar has agreed to the visit.

Some 700,000 minority Rohingya Muslims have fled Rakhine for neighboring Bangladesh since August, after attacks by Rohingya militants on state security forces led to military reprisals that the United Nations says were executed in a well-organized, systematic and coordinated manner and are a "textbook example" of ethnic cleansing.

Access to Rakhine for diplomats, aid workers and journalists has been limited since August.

The U.N.'s deputy humanitarian chief, Ursula Mueller, travels to Myanmar on Monday. She will be in the country through Sunday to study the humanitarian impact of the crisis in Rakhine and the conflict in Kachin and Shan states.

法国铁路工人罢工

法国铁路工人周二举行罢工，开始了一系列有计划的停工活动，以此抗议政府对铁路系统实施改革的计划。

在全国范围内仅有一小部分列车继续运营，使得站台上挤满了乘客。那些通常依靠铁路通勤的乘客改为乘车，道路也被堵塞。

法国总统马克龙希望撤销铁路系统新雇员的工作保障以及其它福利。

法国政府表示，为了使铁路服务保持经济竞争力并且符合欧盟规定，这项改革是必要的。

法国主要的铁路工会计划在未来三个月中每五天罢工两天。

French Rail Workers Launch Strike

French railway workers went on strike Tuesday in the first of a series of planned work stoppages in protest of the government's plans to institute reforms to the system.

Only a fraction of trains were running across the country, leaving platforms packed with people and roads clogged with commuters who normally rely on rail travel instead.

French President Emmanuel Macron wants to strip away job guarantees and other benefits for new hires for the railway system.

The government says the reforms are necessary to keep the services economically competitive and in line with European Union rules.

The main rail unions plan to strike two days out of every five for the next three months.