美国将巴基斯坦列入严重侵犯宗教自由的“特别观察名单”

美国宣布切断向巴基斯坦提供安全援助的同时，国务院将巴基斯坦列入“严重侵犯宗教自由”的“特别观察名单”。

国务院星期四的一份声明说：“保护宗教自由对和平、稳定与繁荣至关重要。将这些国家列入名单是为了提高它们对宗教自由的尊重。”美国还根据国际宗教自由法案将另外10个国家列为特别关注国家。

美国国务院发言人诺尔特星期四确认，美国暂时停止向巴基斯坦提供安全援助，直至巴基斯坦对包括哈卡尼网络在内的恐怖组织采取行动。

白宫本星期早些时候说，巴基斯坦如果希望继续得到美国援助，必须做出更大的努力打击恐怖主义。巴基斯坦驻美国大使乔德里接受美国之音采访时呼吁两国继续保持接触，避免采取会导致地区紧张和不稳定的行动。

US Places Pakistan on 'Special Watch List' for Severe Violations of Religious Freedom
The U.S. State Department has placed Pakistan on a “Special Watch List” for "severe violations of religious freedom," at the same time it announced cuts to security assistance to that country.

"The protection of religious freedom is vital to peace, stability, and prosperity. These designations are aimed at improving the respect for religious freedom in these countries," a State Department statement said on Thursday, as the United States re-designated 10 other nations as "countries of particular concern" under the International Religious Freedom Act.

State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert confirmed on Thursday that Washington is suspending security assistance to Pakistan till Islamabad takes actions against terrorist organizations, including the Haqqani Network.

Earlier this week, the White House said Islamabad would have to do more to combat terrorism to receive U.S. aid. The Pakistani ambassador to Washington, Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry, while speaking to VOA, called for the two countries to remain engaged with each other and avoid steps that could create tensions and destabilize the region.

美韩决定推迟年度军演

美国和韩国官员表示，两国决定把联合军演推迟到下个月的平昌冬奥会结束之后。

韩国青瓦台说，这是美国总统川普和韩国总统文在寅周四早些时候通电话时决定的。

白宫发表声明说，两国领导人“同意减少奥运会和两国军演的冲突风险，以便让美韩军队能够集中精力确保奥运会安全。”

星期四早些时候，五角大楼发言人、陆军上校罗伯特·曼宁说：“国防部支持总统的决定，支持最符合美韩联盟利益的做法。”

每年一度的美韩“鹞鹰”联合军演是世界上规模最大的演习之一，通常在2月至4月举行。 演习综合地面、空中、海上和特种作战行动，为保卫韩国和该地区而加强备战。 朝鲜每一次都会谴责这一演习。

早些时候，川普总统在推特上说，朝鲜半岛南北方定下了恢复会谈的日期，这一原动力来自他“坚定”和“强大”的领导力。

川普写道： “那些失败的‘专家’ 都在点评，但难道真有人会相信，要不是我的坚定、强大并愿意投入我们的全面‘实力’反对北方，南北韩之间现在会进行谈判和对话。蠢啊，但会谈是好事！”

韩国和朝鲜星期三重新启动了一条2016年以来一直关闭的跨境热线。朝鲜领导人金正恩表示愿意派运动员参加韩国下个月主办的冬季奥运会。据美联社报道，韩国官员证实，双方官员在热线启动后交谈了20分钟。

US, South Korea Delay Military Drills Until After Winter Olympics

The United States and South Korea have decided to delay joint military exercises until after the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics next month, officials from both countries said Thursday.

South Korea's Blue House (executive office) said the decision came during a phone call between U.S. President Donald Trump and President Moon Jae-in.

A White House statement said both leaders “agreed to de-conflict the Olympics and our military exercises so that [the] United States and Republic of Korea forces can focus on ensuring the security of the games.”

Earlier on Thursday, Pentagon spokesman Army Col. Robert Manning said, "The Department of Defense supports the president's decision and what is in the best interest of the ROK (Republic of Korea) - U.S. Alliance."

The annual joint military exercises known as Foal Eagle are usually held between February and April and are one of the world's largest such drills. The exercises combine ground, air, naval and special operations to increase readiness to defend South Korea and the region. North Korea routinely objects to the exercises.

Earlier, Trump tweeted that his “firm” and “strong” leadership was the impetus for a scheduled resumption of talks between North and South Korea.

"With all of the failed "experts" weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn't firm, strong and willing to commit our total "might" against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!"

On Wednesday, North and South Korea reopened a cross-border hotline that had been shut down since 2016 after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un offered to send a team to the Winter Olympic Games hosted by the South next month. After the reopening, South Korea confirmed that officials from both countries talked for 20 minutes, according to The Associated Press.