密苏里州州长被控侵犯隐私被逮捕提审

美国密苏里州州长格雷滕斯（Eric Greitens）被圣路易斯市大陪审团指控犯有侵犯隐私罪。

这项指控有关格雷滕斯2015年的一段婚外情，他被指以公开这名女性双眼被蒙、双手被绑的裸照相威胁，不许她公开谈论这段婚外情。

一家圣路易斯市的电视台上个月披露了格雷滕斯的婚外情和威胁。格雷滕斯否认有勒索行为，但是承认与这位曾是他理发师的女性有染。消息披露后圣路易斯市巡回检察官加德纳开始进行调查。

起诉书说，格雷滕斯不仅蓄意对这名女性拍照，而且还发送照片，让他人可以通过电脑看到。

在密苏里州，一级侵犯隐私罪可以被判处最多4年监禁。

格雷滕斯的州长办公室证实，格雷滕斯州长星期四被逮捕并被提审。他后来缴纳保证金后获释。

Missouri Governor Indicted for Felony Invasion of Privacy

Missouri Governor Eric Greitens has been indicted by a St. Louis grand jury on a felony charge of invasion of privacy.

The charge stems from a 2015 affair and allegations that he threatened to release a nude photograph of the woman, taken while she was blindfolded and her hands were bound, if she ever spoke publicly about the affair.

Greitens denied he resorted to blackmail, but admitted to an affair with his hairdresser after it was made public by a St. Louis television station last month, prompting St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner to launch an investigation.

The indictment accuses Greitens of not only knowingly photographing the woman, but also transmitting the image “in a manner that allowed access to that image via a computer.”

The penalty for first-degree invasion of privacy in Missouri is up to four years in prison.

Greitens' office confirmed the governor was arrested and arraigned Thursday in St. Louis. He was later released on his own recognizance.

大赦国际：伊朗人权记录有积极迹象但仍然不佳

大赦国际在其新公布的全球人权报告中说，伊朗的人权纪录一年以来有一些积极进展，但是大部分状况仍然糟糕，在一些方面甚至恶化。

总部在伦敦的大赦国际在星期四公布的2017/18世界人权年度报告中指称伊朗当局严厉打压人民的言论、结社、和平集会以及宗教信仰的自由，还说伊朗当局逮捕和平表达批评意见以及其他一些人士，并在伊斯兰革命法庭的极不公正的审判后将他们监禁。

大赦国际的报告说，对被关押者折磨和虐待 仍然十分普遍，而实施者不受任何法律惩罚。报告还说，鞭打、截肢和其它残酷的手法仍然继续使用。

伊朗政府对大赦国际的报告还没有做出任何反应。

Amnesty International: Iran’s Rights Record Shows Some Positive Signs, Still Poor

Amnesty International says its new global report on human rights shows Iran’s record reflected some positive developments, but mostly remained poor, and in some areas worsened in the past year.

The London-based group’s annual State of the World’s Human Rights report for 2017/18, released on Thursday, accused Iranian authorities of “heavily suppressing” people’s rights to freedom of expression, association, peaceful assembly and religious belief, and said those authorities also arrested and imprisoned “peaceful critics and others” after what it called “grossly unfair trials” before Islamic Revolutionary courts.

The Amnesty report said torture and other ill treatment of detainees “remained common and widespread” and were committed with impunity in Iran. It also said floggings, amputations and other cruel punishments “continued to be applied.”

Iran’s government had no immediate response to the rights group’s allegations.