美国失业率达48年来最低

美国劳工部周四公布的数据显示，美国申请失业救济人数连续第三周下降，接连创下近49年来的最低水平。

新的数据显示，美国经济发展带来的蓬勃就业机会有增无减，这些数据是为劳工部将于下周公布的更受关注的每月就业报告收集的

在普遍报告出现劳工短缺的情况下，雇主们不愿辞去难以取代的雇员。

截至9月12日那一周，新增领取失业保险降至201,000人，较前一周减少3,000人。经济学家则一直预计会有209,000人。

这一数字是自1969年11月以来的最低水平，而前一周的数字是自1969年12月以来的最低水平。

不过，经济学家们表示，鉴于过去半个世纪以来美国的人口变化，这个数字实际上可能是有史以来的最低水平。

领取失业救济人数现在已经超过三年半低于300,000的象征性水平，这是有史以来持续时间最长的纪录。

失业救济申请人数每周都可能大幅波动，但能表明企业裁员的普遍程度和就业市场的健康状况。

美国过去十年来的经济复苏不断创造就业机会，将失业率推至历史低位。

在这些趋势下，人们普遍预计美联储将在下周加息以防止通胀上升过快。

US Jobless Claims Hit 48-Year Low

New U.S. claims for jobless benefits fell for the third week in a row, hitting their lowest level in nearly 49 years for the third straight week, the Labor Department reported Thursday.

The new figures suggest the U.S. economy's vigorous job creation continued unabated this month as the data were collected during the survey week for the department's more closely watched monthly jobs report, due out next week.

Amid a widely reported labor shortage, employers are reluctant to lay off workers who are difficult to replace.

For the week ended September 12, new claims for unemployment insurance fell to 201,000, down 3,000 from the prior week. Economists had instead been expecting a result of 209,000.

The result was the lowest level since November of 1969, whereas the prior week's level had been the lowest since December 1969.

However, economists say that in reality the levels are likely the lowest ever, given demographic changes in the United States in the past half century.

Claims have now held below the symbolic level of 300,000 for more than 3.5 years, the longest such streak ever recorded.

Though they can see big swings from week to week, jobless claims are an indication of the prevalence of layoffs and the health of jobs markets.

In a decade of economic recovery, the United States has seen uninterrupted job creation, driving the unemployment rate to historical lows.

In light of these trends, the Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise interest rates next week to prevent inflation from rising too quickly.

大马前首相因一马基金丑闻被控25项新罪名

马来西亚前首相纳吉布面临与国家投资基金1MDB贪污丑闻有关的二十多项新指控，这一丑闻导致他的执政党在今年5月的选举中的惊人失败。

检察官周四在一次庭审中对纳吉布提出4项腐败罪和21项洗钱罪的指控。一天前，纳吉布第三次因此案被捕。他被控将1MDB国家投资基金中的6.81亿美元汇入其个人银行账户。纳吉布在周四的庭审中对新指控表示不认罪。他此前曾说这笔钱是沙特皇室的捐款。

纳吉布目前在这一贪污丑闻中面临32项指控。此前的指控包括背信刑事罪、腐败和洗钱罪，包括他将1MDB子公司的1000万美元资金转入其个人银行账户的指称。

纳吉布对先前的指控表示不认罪。

一马基金丑闻导致由93岁的马哈蒂尔领导的联盟在选举中击败纳吉布的国民阵线联盟的惊人胜利，国民阵线自1957年马来西亚获得独立以来一直是执政党，其中有22年是在马哈蒂尔本人领导下。

纳吉布下台后被禁止离开马来西亚，并和他的妻子罗斯玛·曼索尔受到政府反贪机构的问询。警方还在搜查与纳吉布有关的房产时查获了近2.75亿美元的现金、珠宝和奢侈手袋。

Ex-Malaysian PM Hit with 25 New Charges in 1MDB Looting Scandal

Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak is facing more than two dozen new charges related to the 1MDB embezzlement scandal, which led to the stunning defeat of his ruling party in May.

Prosecutors charged Najib with four counts of corruption and 21 counts of money laundering during a court appearance Thursday, one day after he was arrested for a third time in the case. He is accused of funneling $681 million dollars from the 1MDB state investment fund into his personal bank account. Najib pleaded not guilty to the new charges during Thursday's hearing. He previously said the money was a donation from the Saudi royal family.

Najib is now facing a total of 32 charges in the embezzlement scandal. The earlier charges include criminal breach of trust, corruption and money laundering involving claims that he transferred about $10 million of funds from a subsidiary of 1MDB into his bank accounts.

Najib had pleaded not guilty to the earlier charges.

The scandal led to the stunning electoral victory by a coalition led by 93-year-old Mahathir over Najib's National Front coalition, which had ruled Malaysia uninterrupted since gaining independence in 1957 - 22 of those years under Mahathir himself.

Since his ouster, Najib has been barred from leaving Malaysia and questioned by the government's anti-graft agency along with his wife, Rosmah Mansor. Police have also seized nearly $275 million dollars in cash, jewelry and luxury handbags in raids on properties linked to Najib.