俄罗斯RT电视节目将在华盛顿停播

俄罗斯的RT电视网将停止在华盛顿地区播出。华盛顿地区是这家俄罗斯电视台在美国最注重的市场之一。

这家由克林姆林宫支持的英语电视频道将继续通过卫星播放，但是华盛顿地区两家传送电视信号的基站将于星期六午夜停止运营，电缆电视运营商因而将不再播出这家俄罗斯电视台的节目。

总部在维吉尼亚州的MHz网络公司通过两个基站在美国传送包括RT电视台在内的外国新闻电视频道。该公司说，基站运营商决定拍卖他们的许可证，所以将不再传送这些电视频道。

华盛顿地区的电缆电视公司称因此将停播这些外国电视节目。

Russia's RT Set to Go off the Air in the Washington Area

Russia’s RT television network is going off the air in the Washington, D.C. area, one of the channel’s most coveted markets in the United States.

The Kremlin-backed English language news channel will still be available via satellite, but two Washington-area stations that carry it are set to suspend operations at midnight Saturday, prompting cable operators to drop the channel.

MHz Networks, a Virginia-based distributor of international programming in the United States that broadcast RT and other foreign news channels on the two stations, said it was ending distribution in the wake of the station operator’s decision to auction off their licenses.

As a result, Washington-area cable operators will drop them.

美法官驳回埃克森美孚对麻省及纽约州诉讼案

美国一位联邦法院法官驳回了埃克森美孚公司对麻萨诸塞州和纽约州提起的诉讼。埃克森美孚公司试图阻止这两个州调查该公司是否在气候变暖的问题上说谎。

联邦法官卡普罗尼（Valerie Caproni）裁决，埃克森美孚公司称这两个州的行为有政治动机以及试图剥夺该公司宪法权利的说法不合情理。

卡普罗尼法官以“终审裁决”驳回了埃克森美孚公司的诉讼，这意味着该公司不得再次提起同样诉讼。

起诉埃克森美孚公司的麻萨诸塞州司法部长希雷和纽约州司法部长施耐德曼对法官的裁决表示满意。

埃克森美孚公司的发言人说，该公司正考虑下一步的法律行动。他在发给媒体的电邮中说：“我们认为气候变化有真正的危险，我们希望参与解决这个问题。我们投资了80亿美元来改善能源效率和低排放技术，包括碳捕获以及下一代的生物燃料。”

麻萨诸塞州和纽约州的司法部长提出调阅相关文件，以查证埃克森美孚公司是否隐瞒全球变暖的信息，并为了维护其利润而对调查人员说谎。随后埃克森美孚公司2016年对这两个州提出诉讼。

Judge Throws Out Exxon Mobil Lawsuit against Massachusetts and New York

A federal judge has thrown out a lawsuit by Exxon Mobil against Massachusetts and New York to try to stop their investigation into whether the oil giant lied about climate change.

Judge Valerie Caproni ruled that Exxon Mobil's allegation that the states are politically motivated and trying to deprive it of its constitutional rights is "implausible."

Caproni dismissed Exxon's lawsuit "with prejudice," meaning it cannot sue a second time.

Massachusetts and New York Attorneys General Maura Healey and Eric Schneiderman, respectively, who pursued the case against Exxon, say they are pleased by the judge's decision.

An Exxon spokesman said the company is considering its next legal steps. He wrote in an e-mail to the media: "We believe the risk of climate change is real and we want to be part of the solution. We've invested about $8 billion on energy efficiency and low-emission technologies, such as carbon capture and next generation biofuels."

Exxon filed its lawsuit in 2016 after the two attorneys general subpoenaed documents into whether the oil company hid knowledge about global warming and lied to its investors about the effects to protect its profits.