川普总统及夫人在白宫举办复活节滚彩蛋活动

美国总统川普和第一夫人梅拉尼亚星期一在白宫南草坪举办一年一度的复活节滚彩蛋活动。

参加这个活动的人在二月的一次公开抽签中赢得了入场券。

白宫说，星期一这天是各种各样的家庭活动。

白宫复活节活动包括儿童和他们的家人用超大的勺子在白宫草坪上向前推木头制作的彩蛋。

白宫复活节滚彩蛋活动有悠久的历史，可追溯到1878年。时任总统海斯举行了第一次活动。

由于第一次世界大战，白宫从1917年到1920年没有举办复活节滚彩蛋活动。同样，在第二次世界大战期间，1943年到1945年也没有举办这个活动。

为了节约粮食和对白宫进行修缮，1946年到1952年没有举行复活节滚彩蛋活动。

艾森豪威尔总统1953年恢复了白宫的这个传统。

White House Annual Easter Egg Roll

U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump host the annual Easter Egg Roll Monday on the South Lawn of the White House.

People attending the event won their tickets through a public lottery held in February.

The White House says the day will be "filled with family activities."

As part of the festivities, children and families usually push wooden eggs across the White house lawn using oversized spoons.

The White House Easter Egg Roll has a long tradition, dating back to 1878 when President Rutherford B. Hayes hosted the first one.

There were no egg rolls between 1917 to 1920 because of World War One. Similarly, during World War Two, no egg rolls were held from 1943 to 1945.

Food conservation efforts and then construction on the White House also brought a halt to the celebrations from 1946 to 1952.

However, President Dwight Eisenhower reinstated the White House Easter Egg Roll in 1953.

中国“天宫一号”残片坠落到南太平洋

中国一个废弃不用的太空空间站星期一早晨走完其寿命最后一程，其碎片坠落到南太平洋。

中国载人航天工程办公室说，中国天宫一号的大部分在大气层中烧毁。

在坠落过程中没有烧毁的部分落到海面时没有造成任何损失。

天宫一号坠落穿过大气层的时间大约为两个小时。

早先的预测说，将会有一些小的未烧毁部件坠落到南大西洋，对地面的人构成非常小的威胁。

天宫一号的体积与一辆大巴车相似，重量为8.5吨。

天宫一号是10年来坠落到地球大气层的最大人造物。

天宫一号于2011年发射，作为中国太空造人飞行使用的空间站。空间站寿命被宣布终结后，中国2016年废弃了这个空间站。

Remaining pieces of defunct Tiangong-1 drop into South Pacific

A defunct Chinese space lab met its expected end early Monday morning as its remaining fragments plunged into the South Pacific.

China's Manned Space Engineering Office said the Tiangong-1 spacecraft "mostly" burned up in the atmosphere.

Any pieces that failed to disintegrate during the fiery trip back to Earth fell harmlessly into the ocean.

It took about two hours for the craft burn up once it hit Earth's atmosphere.

There had been predictions parts of the space lab would land in the South Atlantic with some pieces posing a very small threat to people on the ground

Tiangong-1 was the size of a school bus and weighed eight and a half tons.

Tiangong-1 was the largest man-made object to re-enter Earth’s atmosphere in a decade.

It was launched in 2011 and served as an orbiting laboratory for manned Chinese space missions until officials determined its lifespan was complete. It was taken out of service in 2016.