涉嫌向总统大儿子寄白色粉末 一名男子被逮捕

美国马萨诸塞州一名男子因涉嫌将一封装有白色粉末的信封寄给川普总统儿子小唐纳德·川普星期四被逮捕。他被指控使用邮件恐吓他人。

丹尼尔·弗里西耶欧在拘留所至少要被关押到他下一次出庭。他的律师称他打算申辩自己无罪。

弗里西耶欧被指控将侮辱人的纸条连同白色粉末一起寄给了5个人，包括总统的大儿子小唐纳德·川普。

他的妻子瓦内萨打开了信封，并因咳嗽和感到恶心被送医院。

白色粉末后来被验证是无害的玉米粉，但是纸条称粉末是危险物质，还说小唐纳德·川普是一个“很坏、很坏的人。”

其他几封信分别寄给了一位民主党籍的联邦参议员、加州一位共和党籍的国会议员候选人、在加州的一名联邦检察官，还有一名法学教授。

辩护律师说弗里西耶欧吃了一辈子的药，并且遭遇各种问题和困难，但没有具体说明。

Man Arrested for Allegedly Sending White Powder to Donald Trump, Jr.

A Massachusetts man who allegedly sent an envelope filled with white powder to Donald Trump, Jr. was arrested Thursday and charged with using the mail to threaten people.

Daniel Frisiello was ordered to remain behind bars at least until his next court appearance. His lawyer said he plans to plead not guilty.

Frisiello is accused of sending envelopes filled with white powder along with insulting notes to five people, including the president's oldest son, Donald Trump, Jr.

His wife, Vanessa, opened the envelope and was briefly hospitalized complaining of nausea and coughing.

The powder was harmless corn starch. But it was accompanied by a note implying it was dangerous and calling Trump, Jr. "an awful, awful person...you make the family idiot, Eric, look smart...so you are getting what you deserve."

Other envelopes were sent to Democratic Senator Deborah Stabenow; California Republican congressional candidate and actor Antonio Sabato, Jr; a U.S. Attorney from California; and a law professor. They also received threatening letters.

Frisiello's attorney said his client has been on medication his entire life and suffers from "issues" and "difficulties," but did not elaborate.

文在寅称慰安妇问题没完 日本提出抗议

韩国总统文在寅再次要求日本，直接面对“慰安妇”问题。

日本2015年与韩国达成协议，由日本提供800万美元，建立一个基金，用来帮助那些曾在日本军队中充当慰安妇的依然在世的韩国妇女。协议还要求日本首相安倍晋三对日本在1910年到1945年野蛮战略朝鲜半岛期间日本军队的行为进行道歉。

然而，韩国总统文在寅星期四在纪念1919年反抗日本殖民者起义的周年活动上表示，这份协议并不意味着日本可以宣称，此事已经画上了句号。他表示，解决慰安妇问题的唯一途径是“记住历史，以史为鉴。”

日本内阁官房长官菅义伟说，文在寅的话“令人非常遗憾”，日本政府已向首尔提出正式抗议。

South Korean President Issues New Demand of Japan Over Wartime 'Comfort Women'

South Korean President Moon Jae-in is once again demanding that Japan deal squarely with the issue of the "comfort women" who were forced into sexual slavery by Japanese colonial forces.

Tokyo paid $8 million into a fund to support the surviving Korean women who worked in Japanese military brothels under a deal reached in 2015 under ousted President Park Geun-hye. The agreement also included an apology from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for the actions of Japanese troops during its brutal occupation of the Korean peninsula between 1910 and 1945.

But during a speech marking the anniversary of the 1919 popular uprising against Korea's Japanese colonial rulers Thursday, President Moon said the agreement does not mean Japan can simply declare the matter closed. He said the only way to resolve the issue "is to remember that history and learn from it."

In Tokyo, Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshiide Suga called Moon's remarks "extremely regrettable," and said the government has lodged a formal protest with Seoul.