联合国秘书长呼吁停战救助东古塔被困平民

联合国秘书长古铁雷斯呼吁安理会同意在叙利亚实施紧急停火30天并帮助被困在东古塔的40万居民。古铁雷斯说，这些人陷于“人间地狱”。

去年，支持阿萨德总统的俄罗斯和伊朗与土耳其一道协调达成了协议，东古塔是四个“冲突降级区”之一。

但是，随着叙利亚政府军及其同盟看来发动了收复这一地区的全面进攻，东古塔的冲突大大加剧。那里是叙利亚首都大马士革附近反政府武装仍然控制的地区之一。

联合国人权办公室星期三说，今年2月4号以来，东古塔至少有346人丧生。

UN Chief Appeals for Truce for Syria’s Besieged E. Ghouta

U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres is appealing to the Security Council to approve an urgent 30-day cease-fire across Syria and to help the 400,000 besieged residents of eastern Ghouta, who he said, “live in hell on earth.”

Last year, the enclave was designated as one of four "de-escalation zones" in a deal with President Bashar al-Assad’s supporters Russia and Iran, along with Turkey.

But fighting has escalated recently as the Syrian military and its allied forces appear to be launching an all-out operation to re-take the area, which is one of the last areas near Damascus still under control of the armed opposition.

The UN. human rights office said Wednesday at least 346 people have died in eastern Ghouta since February 4.

美国驻黑山大使馆受到小型炸弹袭击

黑山共和国说，有人星期三晚上在首都波德戈里察向美国大使馆院内扔了一枚爆炸装置，然后把自己炸死。

黑山共和国政府的一份声明说，这个爆炸装置很可能是手榴弹。一些到现场采访的记者报道说，爆炸没有造成任何损失。

美国国务院发言人诺尔特说，美国驻黑山大使馆证实，大使馆附近有一枚小型爆炸物，正在确认所有使馆人员是否安全。诺尔特说，美国大使馆的官员正在协助当地警方辨明攻击者的身份。

事件发生后，美国大使馆发布了一项安全警示，要人们避开大使馆所在地区。

US Embassy at Montenegro attacked by an explosive device

Montenegro said someone threw an explosive device into the U.S. Embassy compound in Podgorica late Wednesday before blowing themselves up.

A government statement said the device was "most probably" a hand grenade, and several journalists who saw the site reported no damage.

U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the embassy confirmed a small explosion near the compound and was working to confirm the safety of its staff. Nauert said embassy officials were also working with local police to identify the assailant.

Shortly after the incident, the embassy issued a security alert telling people to avoid the area.