俄罗斯：普京愿意与川普总统会谈

俄罗斯外交部长拉夫罗夫说，普京总统愿意接受川普总统提出的在华盛顿会面的邀请。

拉夫罗夫在接受俄罗斯国有的国际新闻通讯社采访时说，普京愿意参加这样的会谈。

拉夫罗夫说：“我们这样说是根据美国总统在打电话时发出的邀请。这点已经众所周知，没有秘密。他说他将很高兴在白宫（与普京）见面。”

拉夫罗夫还说，川普总统在与普京通电话期间几次提到会面的邀请，并表示他愿意回访俄罗斯。

川普总统和普京总统早些时候同意有可能在华盛顿举行峰会。

川普总统在俄罗斯总统大选两天后于3月20号给普京打电话，祝贺他当选俄罗斯总统。

白宫和克里姆林宫说，两位总统在电话中讨论了见面会谈的可能性。

Russia: Putin Ready to Meet Trump

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has said that President Vladimir Putin is willing to accept U.S. President Donald Trump’s invitation to meet in Washington.

In an interview with state-operated RIA Novosti news agency, Lavrov said that Putin is “ready for such a meeting.”

“We are guided by the fact that the U.S. President, in a telephone conversation – which is a known fact already, there is no secret – extended such an invitation and said he would be happy to see [Putin] in the White House.”

Lavrov added that Trump returned to the subject of the invitation a couple of times during the phone call with Putin and told him he would be happy to make a reciprocal visit to Russia.

Earlier Trump and Putin agreed on a possible summit in Washington.

Trump telephoned Putin on March 20 to congratulate him on winning the Russian presidential election two days earlier.

The White House and the Kremlin said at the time the two presidents discussed the possibility of meeting in person.

富国银行因非法销售或被罚10亿美元

美国媒体报道，富国银行因非法向顾客销售他们不想要或不需要的汽车保险，并对房屋按揭进行不必要的收费而将面临最高10亿美元的罚款。

这将是美国联邦监管银行的机构以及消费者金融保护局所处以的最高罚款。

这笔罚款是联邦监管部门与富国银行谈判达成的和解交易的一部分。

富国银行和联邦政府官员都没有针对媒体的报道发表评论。

总部设在旧金山的富国银行承认向数十万汽车贷款客户销售他们不想要的汽车保险计划。很多借款客户无力偿还保险金和贷款，汽车被银行收回。

对商业公司更为友善的川普行政当局实行了更宽松的监管政策，很多美国银行从中受益。

但是川普总统否认有关富国银行将不受任何处罚的消息。他去年12月曾发推说，如果有任何变化，富国银行受到的处罚和罚款只会大大加重。

川普总统的推文说：“我将放松监管，但是如果被抓到有欺诈，将受到更严厉的惩罚。”

富国银行此前因为不经客户许可而使用客户名字开设银行账户和信用卡账户而支付了1亿8500万美元的罚款。

Reports: $1 Billion Fine for Wells Fargo Bank for Illegal Sales

U.S. news reports say Wells Fargo bank will be fined as much as $1 billion for illegally selling customers car insurance policies they did not want or need, and for charging unnecessary fees in connections with mortgages.

This would be the largest fine ever imposed by federal bank regulators and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

The fine is part of a settlement regulators negotiated with the bank.

Wells Fargo and federal officials have not commented on the reports.

The San Francisco-based lender admitted selling the unwanted insurance policies to hundreds of thousands of car loan customers. In many cases, the borrowers could not afford both the insurance and car payments and their cars were repossessed.

Many U.S. banks have enjoyed looser federal regulations under President Donald Trump's pro-business administration.

But Trump denied reports that Wells Fargo would not be punished, tweeting in December that fines and penalties against the bank would, if anything, be substantially increased.

"I will cut regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating," he wrote.

Wells Fargo previously paid a $185 million fine for opening bank and credit card accounts in its customers' names without telling them.