朝鲜半岛停战村将解除武装

南北韩之间的板门店在1953年停战后，将在本周六成为无武装区，这是数十年来的第一次。

朝鲜和韩国上个月同意在官方称为联合安全区的板门店解除武装。

自1953年的停战协议使得朝鲜战争进入休战以来，朝鲜士兵和以美国为首的联合国军司令部的武装士兵们一直在边境上互相怒目而视。

一旦朝鲜和韩国的国防官员以及联合国专家证实板门店解除武装后，35名非武装警卫将在这个过境点巡逻，参观者和游客们将再次拥有“行动自由”。

板门店曾一度是一个中立区，游客可以在那里自由行动。但1976年发生朝鲜军队向砍伐树木的美军士兵开火，造成两名士兵丧生。

南北双方上周完成了联合安全区的地雷清除工作。

从技术上说，南北仍处于战争状态。双方从未签署和平条约，只有停战协定。

韩国总统文在寅和朝鲜领导人金正恩之间的谈判使得双方关系回暖，出现更多的合作。

Korean Truce Village to Be Free of Arms

For the first time in decades, the 1953 truce village between North and South Korea will be weapons-free by Saturday.

The two Koreas agreed last month to remove arms from Panmunjom, officially known as the Joint Security Area.

Armed soldiers from the North and the U.S.-led United Nations Command have glowered at each other across the frontier since the 1953 armistice that ended the fighting in Korea.

As soon as North and South Korean defense officials and U.N. experts verify the village is now weapons-free, 35 unarmed guards will patrol the crossing and visitors and tourists will once again have "freedom of movement."

Panmunjom had been a neutral zone, where visitors could walk around freely, until 1976 when North Korean forces opened fire on a work party chopping down a tree, killing two U.S. soldiers.

Both sides completed removing landmines from the Joint Security Area last week.

North and South Korea are still technically at war. A peace treaty has never been signed, only an armistice.

But talks between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have led to warmer ties and greater cooperation.

美国各州最受欢迎的万圣节糖果

预计美国人将在今年万圣节前花费约90亿美元，为这个一年一度在10月31日的活动购买服装、装饰、贺卡和糖果。

全国零售联合会估计，今年有超过1.75亿美国人计划参加万圣节活动，用于服装的花费约32亿美元，装饰约27亿美元，糖果约26亿美元。

糖果批发商CandyStore.com根据11年的数据进行统计出美国各州最受欢迎的万圣节糖果。

总的来说，彩虹糖（Skittles），M＆M和士力架（Snickers）排在首位。

计划在万圣节购买糖果的美国人预计平均花费27美元购买甜食。在俄勒冈州要糖的孩子们可能是美国最幸运的孩子之一，因为在这个西北部的州发放整块大的糖果已经成为常态。

这个糖果批发商还列出了最糟糕的万圣节糖果，糖玉米，巧克力棒（Tootsie Rolls）和Smarties巧克力也榜上有名。

最受欢迎的万圣节儿童服装包括公主服、超级英雄和蝙蝠侠服，成年人则偏爱装扮成女巫、吸血鬼和僵尸的样子。

美国的宠物甚至也开始装扮起来了。根据全国零售联合会的统计，宠物主人计划将他们的动物小朋友打扮成南瓜、热狗和大黄蜂。

Most Popular Halloween Candy in Each US State

Americans are expected to spend about $9 billion on Halloween this year as they buy costumes, decorations, greeting cards and candy for the annual Oct. 31 event.

The National Retail Federation estimates that more than 175 million Americans are planning to participate in Halloween activities this year, spending about $3.2 billion on costumes, $2.7 billion on decorations, and $2.6 billion on candy.

Bulk candy dealer CandyStore.com looked through 11 years of data to come up with the favorite Halloween candy in each U.S. state.

Overall, Skittles, M&M's and Snickers top the list.

Americans who plan on buying candy for Halloween are expected to spend an average of $27 for the sweet treats. Trick-or-treaters in Oregon might be among the luckiest kids in America because giving out full-sized candy bars has become the norm in the northwest state.

The bulk candy dealer also came up with a list of the worst Halloween candy Candy corn, Tootsie Rolls and Smarties make the list.

The most popular costumes for kids include princess, superhero and Batman. Adults are partial to witch, vampire and zombie looks.

And even America's pets are getting into the action. Pet owners plan to dress their little animal friends as pumpkins, hotdogs and bumblebees, according to the National Retail Federation.