美国制裁六名塔利班和哈卡尼激进分子

美国对阿富汗塔利班和哈卡尼网络的6名激进分子实施制裁，并再次要求巴基斯坦在切断恐怖组织财政来源方面提供更多的帮助。

这6人中包括一名前阿富汗塔利班政府的官员。

所有6人都参与对美国领导的联军的攻击、偷运恐怖分子，以及为恐怖分子提供资助。

他们在美国所有财产都被冻结，美国公民禁止与这些人有生意往来。

美国暂时停止向巴基斯坦军队提供安全援助，直到它采取美国国务院所说的打击塔利班和哈卡尼网络的“坚决行动”。

川普总统说，巴基斯坦把美国领导人像“傻瓜“一样耍，接受数十、上百亿美元的美国援助，然而仍然向恐怖分子提供庇护。巴基斯坦对川普总统的说法极为不满。

US Slaps Sanctions on 6 Taliban and Haqqani Militants

The U.S. has slapped sanctions on six Taliban and Haqqani network militants as it again demands more help from Pakistan to disrupt terrorist financing.

The six include a former high-ranking official of Afghanistan's former Taliban government.

All six have been involved in attacks on U.S.-led coalition forces, smuggling and financing terrorists.

All property they have in the United States is frozen and Americans are barred from doing business with them.

The United States has suspended security assistance to the Pakistani military until it takes what the State Department calls "decisive action" against the Taliban and Haqqani network.

President Donald Trump infuriated Pakistan when he said it has played U.S. leaders for "fools" by accepting billions of dollars in aid while giving safe haven

白宫公布移民改革框架

白宫星期四公布它所称的移民改革折衷框架的详细内容，供国会议员们考虑接受或拒绝。

对180万名幼年时被家人非法带入境、目前生活在美国的年轻移民，白宫提出有条件地提供一个可加入美国国籍的漫长途径。

所有目前根据美国的“幼年来美暂缓递解计划”被允许留在美国的所谓“追梦人”以及能满足同样条件的其他人将可以在10到12年内获得美国国籍，但必须满足相应的工作、教育和良好品行等条件。

川普总统星期三简短提到了白宫的建议。他对记者们说，他们可以告诉那些“追梦人”不要担心。

白宫出人意外地比预定计划提前4天公布了“移民改革和边境安全框架”。

另外一项肯定会被仔细审议的内容是川普总统一项竞选承诺所涉及的费用：供在美国墨西哥边界修建一堵墙的260亿美元“信托基金”。这笔钱也包括用于北部加拿大边境出入关卡改善的资金。

白宫提出的框架取消了远亲家人移民，也有人称之为“链式移民”，因为人们担保这些远亲家人移民后，他们又担保他们的亲戚移民到美国。根据新的建议，公民与合法永久居留者只允许担保配偶和未成年子女移民。

白宫还计划终止让一些国家参加签证抽签。一名高级政府官员说，这项计划“极为慷慨”。

白宫希望参议院在2月初就这项议案投票，赶在2月8号的最后期限之前。届时，国会必须通过维持联邦政府运行的预算法案，否则政府只能再次停摆。

White House Releases Immigration Reform Framework

The White House released details on Thursday of what it characterizes as a compromise framework on immigration for lawmakers to accept or reject.

For the 1.8 million young immigrants living in the United States known as "Dreamers" -- who were brought to the country by their families when they were still minors – there would be a long path to citizenship and with conditions.

For those recipients who have been allowed to stay in the U.S. under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, as well as other who met the same criteria, there would be a “10- to 12-year path to citizenship with requirements for work, education and good moral character.”

President Donald Trump, who provided a glimpse of the proposal the previous day, said to reporters they should tell the Dreamers “not to worry.”

The White House Framework on Immigration Reform and Border Security was suddenly released by the Trump administration, four days earlier than had been scheduled.

Another element that is certain to come under intense scrutiny is the cost of the president’s core campaign promise: A $25 billion “trust fund” for a wall along the Mexican border, although that money would also be for other ports of entry and exit and enhancements to the northern border with Canada.

Extended family migration (referred to as “chain migration” by some) -- where immigrants can sponsor relatives who can then sponsor other family members – would be cut and only spouses and minor children of citizens and lawful permanent residents would be eligible.

The administration is also calling for ending the visa lottery system for certain countries.

This is “extremely generous,” according to a senior administration official.

The White House is hoping the Senate will be able to vote on the plan early next month, before the February 8 deadline for lawmakers to approve a spending bill to keep the U.S. government operating.