金球奖颁奖 性骚扰主题挥之不去

星期天晚上金球奖颁奖仪式的红地毯上是一片黑色的海洋。很多女士响应“时间已到”组织的呼呼，服装上都有黑色。“时间已到”运动努力在好莱坞以及美国各地存在的系统性性骚扰。

美国现在是一系列演艺界颁奖的时间，金球奖有可能给其它奖项的颁布仪式定调。金球奖是一年来性骚扰丑闻波及到好莱坞以后的第一重大颁奖仪式。

金球奖主持人塞斯·梅耶斯（Seth Meyers）一开场就妙语连珠，直接或间接提到性骚扰丑闻。

他说：“晚上好，女士们和还留在这儿的先生们。”

他接着说：“好莱坞，新年好！现在是2018年。大麻终于获得允许，性骚扰终于不再允许。”

梅耶斯说，温斯坦下一次参加金球奖将是20年以后，因为他将是第一个在悼念发言阶段得到嘘声的人。

纽约时报去年10月首先报道了米拉麦克斯影业公司创始人温斯坦被指几十年来的性骚扰。温斯坦还被指曾强奸女性。不过温斯坦否认有过任何非经双方同意的性行为。

在若干女性展出类指称温斯坦并得到媒体广泛报道之后，温斯坦被公司解雇，被禁止参加美国制片人协会，并被美国电影艺术与科学学会开除。

Sex Scandal Dominates Golden Globes

The Golden Globes was a sea of black on the red carpet Sunday night as women attending wore the color in solidarity with the advocacy group Time's Up, an ambitious, sprawling initiative to fight systemic sexual harassment in Hollywood and in workplaces nationwide.

As the entertainment awards season gets under way, the Golden Globes could set the tone for other awards ceremonies, as it is the first major program since Hollywood was hit by its sexual harassment scandals this past year.

Host Seth Meyers got the evening started with a string of zingers about the scandal.

"Good evening ladies and remaining gentlemen." he said.

"Happy new year Hollywood. It's 2018, marijuana is finally allowed and sexual harassment finally isn't," he added.

The host suggested Weinstein's next appearance at the Golden Globes would be "in 20 years", when he would be "the first person booed during the In Memoriam" segment.

In October, The New York Times first broke the Harvey Weinstein story about decades of alleged harassment and abuse at the hands of the Miramax founder. Allegations include rape. Weinstein denies all allegations of non-consensual sex.

Following these claims and reports, Weinstein was fired from the company, banned from the Producer's Guild of America and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

以色列禁止全球20个权益组织成员入境

以色列禁止20位全球权益组织的人士入境。这些组织针对以色列的巴勒斯坦人政策呼吁抵制以色列。

这些全球活动组织分别来自智利、欧洲、南非和美国，其中包括获得过诺贝尔和平奖的贵格会团体美国公谊服务委员会。

以色列公共安全部部长埃丹星期天说：“我们从防御转为进攻。这些要抵制我们的组织必须要知道，以色列国将会针对它们采取行动，不准他们进入以色列领土，防止它们伤害以色列公民。”

美国公谊服务委员会的一位官员说，该组织响应了抵制实行种族隔离的南非的呼吁，同样也相应了巴勒斯坦人抵制、撤资、制裁以色列的呼吁。巴勒斯坦人的人权数十年来一直受到侵犯。

目前不清楚如果这些组织的人持有效护照和签证入境时，以色列将如何阻止他们进入。

以色列一年前通过一项法律，禁止任何呼吁抵制以色列的人员入境。

Israel Bars Members from 20 Activist Groups who Called for a Boycott of Israel

Israel is barring members of 20 global activist groups over their calls for a boycott of the Jewish state because of its Palestinian policies.

The 20 groups come from Chile, Europe, South Africa, and the United States. They include the Nobel Peace Prize winning Quaker activist group American Friends Service Committee.

"We have moved from defense to attack," Israeli Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan said Sunday."The boycott organizations need to know that the state of Israel will act against them and will not allow them to enter its territory in order to harm its citizens."

An American Friends Service Committee official said the group "answered the call for divestment from apartheid in South Africa and we have done the same with the call for Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions from Palestinians who have faced decades of human rights violations."

It is unclear how Israeli authorities plan to keep such activists from entering the country if they have the proper passports and visas.

Sunday's announcement comes after Israel passed a law last year barring entry to any individual who calls for a boycott of Israel.