2018年11月28日

特朗普总统力争边境墙拨款，不惜政府关门

美国总统特朗普表示，如果他不能得到更多拨款建造美墨边境墙，以阻止中美洲移民进入美国，他将“完全愿意”部分政府部门下周关门。

这位美国领导人对Politico新闻网站表示，他坚持要将50亿美元的建墙拨款纳入需要国会批准的、维持一些政府机构在12月7日预算授权到期之后继续运营的拨款案中。

反对党民主党人表示，他们将批准16亿美元用于建造隔离墙，与总统要求相距甚远

特朗普说：“我做任何都不会只是为了获取政治利益。” 他说，“但我告诉你，从政治上讲，建墙这件事是皆大欢喜。人们看着边境，看着警方的行动，看着投掷石块的人，那真的伤了人，那些非常勇敢的边境巡逻队员。我认为这建墙是一个巨大的问题，但更重要的是，是确实需要。我们必须拥有边境安全。“

特朗普总统指的是星期天在边境地区发生的对抗，当时移民们向美国边境巡逻队员投掷石块，特工们用催泪瓦斯驱逐人群。

尽管特朗普表示他决心赢得国会批准的50亿美元的初始资金用于建造预计将花费超过200亿美元的边境墙，他在另一次华盛顿邮报的采访中说，他可以找到其他方法来建墙或加强边境安全。

特朗普表示，“我认为，过去两周的短暂时间里比以往任何时候都显示出我们需要一堵墙。”他说， “我看到民主党人会想要做点什么，因为他们也明白。这些图片对民主党来说非常糟糕。我们没有边境强是因为民主党人，我们需要民主党人投票才能建起一堵墙。”

众议院议长瑞安周三告诉记者，在11月初的国会中期选举结束之后，“希望......民主党人意识到安全的边界不应该只是共和党的事情，也不应该只是一个民主党人的事情，这是对国家有利的事，要真正保护我们的边界。”

Trump 'Willing' to Shut Government Over Border Wall Funding

U.S. President Donald Trump says he would "totally be willing" to partially shut down the government next week if he does not get more funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to thwart Central American migrants from entering the country.

The U.S. leader told the Politico news site he is insisting that $5 billion for wall construction be included in measures Congress needs to approve to keep several federal agencies open after their current spending authority expires December 7.

Opposition Democrats have said they will approve $1.6 billion for the wall, leaving the two sides far apart.

"I don't do anything ... just for political gain," Trump said. "But I will tell you, politically speaking, that issue is a total winner. People look at the border, they look at the rush to the police, they look at the rock throwers and really hurting the people, the very brave border patrol folks. I think that it's a tremendous issue, but much more importantly, is really needed. So, we have to have border security."

Trump was referencing a Sunday confrontation at the border in which migrants hurled rocks at U.S. Border Patrol officers, with agents repelling the crowd with tear gas.

Even as Trump voiced his determination to win congressional approval for the $5 billion in initial funding for a wall estimated to cost more than $20 billion, he told The Washington Post in a separate interview that he could find other ways to build the wall or add more security along the border.

"I think that's been shown better than ever in the last short period of two weeks that we need a wall," Trump told the newspaper. "I see the Democrats are going to want to do something, because they understand, too. Those pictures are very bad for the Democrats. We're not having a wall because of the Democrats. We need Democrat votes to have a wall."

House Speaker Paul Ryan, leader of the current majority Republican bloc in the House of Representatives, told reporters Wednesday that after the nationwide congressional elections in early November, "hopefully ... Democrats realize that a secure border should not be a Republican thing, it shouldn't be a Democrat thing, it's just good for the country. To actually secure our border."

巴西撤回主办联合国气候变化会议的提议

巴西外交部周三表示，巴西已经撤回了明年召开联合国气候变化大会的提议，此举让环保组织对巴西减少碳排放的承诺提出质疑。

巴西外交部周三发给美联社的一份声明称，由于“目前及预计在不久的将来继续存在”的财政和预算限制，巴西撤回了举办2019年气候变化会议的提议。

环保组织将这一决定视为对当选总统博索纳罗的认可，他在竞选期间承诺将巴西从巴黎气候协议中撤出。

自赢得选举以来，博索纳罗对他的一些承诺公开表示动摇。不过气候科学家们曾表示，博索纳罗表示有意开放亚马逊以促进更大发展，这可能使这个拉丁美洲最大的国家无法在未来几年内实现减排目标。

巴西的世界自然基金会指出，不承办明年会议的决定与选举前巴西官员的立场不同，“证明了过渡团队的强大影响力。”

该组织在一份声明中说，“巴西的参与对于实现全球目标至关重要，因为我国目前是全球第七大温室气体排放国，亚马逊在调节全球气候方面发挥着关键作用”。

巴西主办明年会议候选资格将在本周末在波兰克拉科夫举行的会议上审查。

巴外交部没有立即回答有关现任总统特梅尔或博索纳罗过渡团队的任何人是否会出席在波兰举行的会议。

博索纳罗将于明年1月1日就职，他在竞选期间誓言要帮助扩大采矿和农业企业在包括亚马逊森林在内的保护区的活动。

Brazil Withdraws Offer to Host UN Climate Change Conference

Brazil has withdrawn its offer to host a large U.N. conference on climate change next year, the foreign ministry said Wednesday, in a move that environmental groups said put into question Brazil's commitment to reducing carbon emissions.

Brazil pulled its offer to host the 2019 climate change conference because of "the current fiscal and budget constraints, which are expected to remain in the near future,'' according to a foreign ministry statement sent to the Associated Press on Wednesday.

Environmental groups interpreted the decision as a nod to President-elect Jair Bolsonaro, who promised during his campaign to pull Brazil out of the Paris Accord on climate change.

Since being elected, Bolsonaro has publicly wavered on those promises. However, climate scientists have said that Bolsonaro's stated intention to open the Amazon for greater development could make it impossible for Latin America's largest nation to meet its reduced emissions targets in the coming years.

The World Wildlife Fund in Brazil noted that the decision not to host next year's conference diverged from the position shared by Brazilian officials before the elections, "demonstrating the strong influence of the transition team."

"Brazil's participation is vital to meeting global targets, as our country is currently the 7th largest emitter of greenhouse gases and the Amazon has a key role in regulating global climate," said the group in a statement.

Brazil's candidacy to host next year's meeting was to be reviewed during this year's conference, which begins this weekend in Krakow, Poland.

Brazil's foreign ministry didn't immediately respond to questions about whether anybody from the current administration of President Michel Temer or Bolsonaro's transition team would attend the meeting in Poland.

Bolsonaro, who takes office Jan. 1, vowed during the campaign to help mining and agribusiness companies expand their activities in protected areas, including Amazonian forests.