苏门答腊一名警察在砍刀袭击中丧生

印度尼西亚苏门答腊岛上的一个警察站星期三受到袭击，一名警察丧生。

5名男子乘坐一辆汽车来到廖内前门的警察站，随即跳下汽车开始用大砍刀袭击警察。

4名男子被警察击毙，另外一名嫌疑人试图逃跑时被警察抓获。至少一名在警察站采访原定活动的记者受伤。

星期三袭击警察事件的两天之前，一个包括十几岁青少年和儿童的六人之家在印尼第二大城市泗水对三座教堂发动了自杀炸弹袭击，炸死至少13人，炸伤41人。星期二，一个五人之家对泗水一个警察局发动自杀炸弹袭击，造成10人受伤，包括4名警察和6名平民。

伊斯兰国组织宣称对这两起自杀炸弹袭击负责。

在印尼这个世界上穆斯林人口最多的国家遭受一系列袭击之际，穆斯林斋月开始了第一天。

One police officer killed in sword attack on Sumatra Island

A police officer has been killed in an attack on a police outpost on Indonesia's Sumatra Island Wednesday.

Five men in a van drove up to the front gate of the outpost of the city of Riau and immediately jumped out and began attacking police with a samurai sword.

Four of the men were shot and killed by police, while the fifth suspect was caught as he tried to escape the scene. At least one journalist who was at the outpost to cover a scheduled event was injured.

Wednesday's attack happened two days after a family of six suicide bombers, including teens and children, targeted three churches, killing at least 13 people and wounding 41 others in Surabaya, Indonesia's second largest city. A day later, a family of five carried out a suicide bombing attack on a police headquarters in Surabaya that left 10 people wounded, including four policemen and six civilians.

Islamic State has claimed responsibility for both attacks.

The string of attacks comes as Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country, welcomes the first day of Ramadhan.

马来西亚政治人物安华获释出狱

马来西亚政治人物安华在监狱服刑3年之后获得王室特赦，恢复自由。

70岁的安华星期三在吉隆坡一家医院治疗肩伤后走出，前去与马来西亚国王穆罕默德五世会面。

安华2015年被判犯有腐败罪和鸡奸罪，很多人谴责其中有政治动机。马哈蒂尔首次当选总理后，安华曾担任副总理兼财政部长。他被广泛认为是马哈蒂尔的接班人，直至1999年被解职。

安华和马哈蒂尔后来重归于好，联手组建反对党希望联盟，并在上星期的议会选举中意外获胜，让总理纳吉布下台，同时结束了巫统60多年来连续统治马来西亚的局面。

1981年到2003年以铁腕治理马来西亚的马哈蒂尔今年92岁，是世界上最年长的国家领导人。他说他将执政两年，然后把权力交给安华。安华必须先当选为议员才能接任总理。

Malaysian Politician Anwar Ibrahim Released from Prison

After three years in prison, Malaysian politician Anwar Ibrahim is now a free man after receiving a royal pardon.

The 70-year-old Anwar walked out of a hospital in Kuala Lumpur Wednesday where he was receiving treatment for a shoulder injury, and headed for a meeting with King Sultan Muhammad V.

Anwar was convicted in 2015 on charges of corruption and sodomy that were widely denounced as politically motivated. He served as deputy prime minister and finance minister under newly-elected Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad during the latter's first tenure as leader, and was seen as Mahathir's heir-apparent until he was fired in 1999.

The two men reconciled and joined forces to form the Alliance of Hope opposition party that scored an upset victory in last week's parliamentary elections, ousting Prime Minister Najib Razak and his Barisan Nasional coalition, which ruled Malaysia uninterrupted for over six decades.

The election made the 92-year-old Mahathir, who ruled Malaysia with an iron fist from 1981 to 2003, the world's oldest elected leader. He says he will run the government for two years before turning over the reins to Anwar. Anwar must first be re-elected to parliament before he can succeed Mahathir.