联合国官员：施压朝鲜改善人权“时机已到”

联合国朝鲜问题专员金塔纳对历史性美朝峰会的联合声明没有提及人权表示关注。他说，现在正是美国向朝鲜领导人金正恩施压的时机，敦促朝鲜参加与国际社会的对话，改善朝鲜民众生活。

金塔纳说，借助美朝峰会的势头，一定要把朝鲜的人权现状摆到议事日程上。他说：“现在朝鲜领导层和政府希望让他们的国家正常化，希望成为受尊敬的联合国成员。因此，他们必须改变对人权问题的立场，开始进行有关人权的对话。”

金塔纳说，他理解川普总统的当务之急是让朝鲜去核，但是他担心，朝鲜的人权状况如果没有任何改善，必将成为“有效落实任何协议的障碍。”

川普总统在美朝峰会后的一次记者会上对记者提出的朝鲜人权问题一带而过，只是说他向金正恩提到了这个问题。

UN Official Says “Now Is the Time” to Pressure North Korea to Act on Human Rights

Concerned by the lack of any reference to human rights in the joint statement issued at the historic summit between Washington and Pyongyang, the United Nations special rapporteur on North Korea says “this is the time” for the U.S. to pressure North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to engage in a dialogue with the international community to improve the lives of its people.

Quintana said the momentum generated by the summit must bring North Korea’s human rights situations to the fore. “Now the North Korean leadership and the government want to normalize the country, want to become a respectable member of the United Nations. Well, they will have to change their stance in regard to human rights questions and start the process of dialogue and engagement,” he said.

While Quintana said he understands President Donald Trump’s priority is denuclearizing North Korea, the U.N. official is concerned that unless the human rights situation in North Korea improves, it will become “an obstacle for any agreement to be implemented and effective.”

During a press conference after the summit talks, Trump downplayed reporters’ questions on human rights, saying only that he brought up the issue to Kim.

美国终止一项耗资一亿美元的饮酒研究项目

美国政府终止了原计划进行的一项有关适量饮酒是否有益健康的研究实验，原因是担心酒业提供的资金会影响研究结果的可信度。

美国国立卫生研究院星期五说，这项计划耗资1亿美元的研究所得出的结果难以让人相信，因为该研究院雇员以秘密的方式与啤酒和烈酒公司进行提供研究资金的洽谈。

政府官员说，只要遵守所有相关规定，使用产业资金进行政府的研究项目符合法律。不过，美国国立卫生研究院的官员说，在这个项目上，该院的雇员没有遵守相关程序，包括对他们与酒业人员的接触秘而不宣。

美国国立卫生研究院副院长塔巴克说，该院雇员与就业代表的接触看来是要有意影响这项研究，从而更可能得出适量饮酒对健康有益的结论。

国立卫生研究院的审查小组还担心，研究项目计划的10年时间段太短，无法对每日饮酒的潜在健康影响做出有效判断，例如，是否增加患癌症或心脏病的风险。

US Government Cancels $100 Million Study on Alcohol Use

The U.S. government is shutting down a planned study testing whether moderate drinking has health benefits over concerns that its funding by the alcohol industry would compromise its credibility.

The National Institutes of Health said Friday the results of the planned $100 million study could not be trusted because of the secretive way that employees negotiated with beer and liquor companies to underwrite the effort.

Government officials say it is legal to use industry money to pay for government research so long as all rules are followed. However, in this case, NIH officials say employees did not follow proper procedures, including keeping their interactions with industry officials secret.

NIH Deputy Director Lawrence Tabak said the interactions between the employees and industry representatives appeared to “intentionally bias'' the study so that it would have a better chance to conclude that moderate drinking is beneficial.

An NIH review panel was also concerned that the study’s proposed span of 10 years was too short a time period to adequately test the potential problems of a daily drink – such as an increased risk of cancer or heart failure.