一女子在YouTube总部打伤三人后自杀

一名女子星期二在旧金山附近的社交视频网站YouTube总部园区持手枪打伤3人后自杀。

警方还没有确认这名女子以及三名受伤者的身份，但表示，他们认为枪击是家庭内部争吵所致。

旧金山一家医院的发言人说，该医院正在救治受伤者，其中两名女子伤势不重，一名男子直到星期二晚上仍然伤势危急。

加利福尼亚州圣布鲁诺警察局局长艾德•巴贝里尼说，警方收到若干911报警电话后迅速赶到YouTube总部园区。他说，据信开枪者向一处公司雇员正在吃午餐的露天平台开枪。

在室内的YouTube雇员在推特上说，他们躲在办公室内，听到外面的枪声和人们的奔跑声。一名男子说，他在地面和楼梯看到了血迹。

警方在建筑内发现了枪击者的尸体。一名受伤女子挣扎着逃到了附近一家快餐店。

Woman Shooter Kills Herself after Opening Fire at Youtube Headquarters

A woman opened fire with a handgun at the campus headquarters of the Youtube social media website near San Francisco Tuesday, wounding three before killing herself.

Police have not yet identified any of the victims or the shooter, but say they believe it was part of a domestic dispute.

A hospital spokesman in San Francisco says it is treating the wounded -- two women in fair condition and a man who was in critical condition as of late Tuesday.

San Bruno, California Police Chief Ed Barberini says officers rushed to the Youtube campus after receiving numerous 9-1-1 calls. He says the shooter is believed to have opened fire at an outdoor patio, where employees were enjoying lunch.

Workers inside the building tweeted that they heard gunshots and people running as they huddled in the offices for safety. One man said he saw drops of blood on the floor and in a stairway.

The shooter's body was found in the building. One of the wounded women managed to escape to a nearby fast food restaurant.

川普总统称将向美墨边界派遣军队

美国总统川普星期二对媒体表示，将把军队派往美国与墨西哥的边界，以阻止更多的非法移民进入美国。

川普总统在白宫东室记者会回答一名记者问题时说：“我认为这是我们必须做的一件事。”

川普总统以及国防部长马蒂斯、国土安全部长尼尔森和司法部长塞申斯等内阁成员星期二听取了简报，并研判川普政府能采取的相关对策，讨论的议题包括动用国民卫队以及向国会施压，紧急通过立法，堵住那些目前为贩运犯罪团伙、贩毒的恐怖分子以及走私团伙所利用的法律漏洞。

五角大楼对川普使用军队守卫边界的计划做出了回应。

一名五角大楼高级官员说：“我们仍在与白宫磋商。”他答应今后提供更多信息。

墨西哥外交部长比德加赖在推特上说，墨西哥政府已经要求美国进一步澄清川普总统的宣布。他还说，墨西哥将根据美国的澄清确定其立场，但是必将维护国家的主权和利益。

Trump Plans to Deploy Troops to Mexican Border

Troops are to be dispatched to America’s border with Mexico to thwart further illegal immigration, U.S. President Donald Trump told reporters on Tuesday.

"I think that it’s something that we have to do," the president said in response to a question from a reporter at the afternoon event in the White House East Room.

The president and several cabinet members, including Defense Secretary James Mattis, Homeland Security Secretary Kirsten Nielsen, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, received a briefing Tuesday to examine his administration’s strategy. The discussion included the mobilization of the National Guard and the need to pressure Congress to urgently pass legislation to close legal loopholes exploited by criminal trafficking, narco-terrorist and smuggling organizations.

The Pentagon responded to Trump's plan to use military to guard the borders.

"We are still consulting with the White House," a senior defense official said, promising more information.

Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso said on Twitter his government has asked the United States to clarify Trump's announcement. He wrote Mexico will define its position based on that clarification, and always in defense of its sovereignty and national interests.