美国北卡州长警告飓风余威仍会带来生命危险

美国北卡罗来纳州州长罗伊·库珀说，“大水凶猛上涨”之际，生命危险也随之上升。飓风佛罗伦萨的余威给北卡带来大量降雨。

库珀在星期天的新闻发布会上对居民们发出警告说：“无论你住在北卡罗来纳州的什么地方，都应警惕突发洪水。如果你被要求撤离，请注意天气预报并准备好前往比较安全的地方”。

他说，“决不要开车经过被水淹没的道路。只需几英寸的水就可以把你的车冲走。这种事已经发生了。”

佛罗伦萨已经弱化为热带低气压，但在其缓慢接近美国东南部地区时，继续带来倾盆大雨。

风暴造成至少16人丧生，整个城镇被洪水隔绝与外界交通，主要高速公路被淹没，有70多万户住家停电。北卡的很多地区都有龙卷风预警。

联邦紧急事务管理局局长布洛克·龙告诉福克斯新闻：“对于那些失去家园或最终重返家园时面对重大损失的人来说，这将是时间较长而令人沮丧的”。

但是国家飓风中心表示，预计佛罗伦萨将为北卡中部和西部地区再添高达25厘米降水，之前那些地区已经有38到50厘米的降雨。该中心说，更多降雨将”带来灾难性的突发洪水，延长河水泛滥的时间，增加北卡西部和维吉尼亚州西南部发生泥石流的风险。“

North Carolina Governor Warns of Risk to Life from Remnants of Hurricane Florence

North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper says the risk to life is "rising with the angry waters" as what is left of Hurricane Florence dumps tons of rain across the state.

"Wherever you live in North Carolina, be alert for sudden flash floods. Pay attention to the weather warnings and be ready to head for safer ground if you're asked to evacuate," Cooper warned residents during Sunday news conference."

Never drive through flooded roads. Just a few inches (centimeters) of water can wash your car away. And that is already happening out there."

Florence is now a tropical depression, but continues to dump buckets of rain on parts of the southeastern United States as it slowly creeps toward the mid-Atlantic.

At least 16 people have been killed. Entire towns are completely cut off by floodwaters. Major highways are covered and more than 700,000 homes have no power. Many parts of North Carolina are under a tornado watch.

Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator Brock Long told Fox News Sunday "This is going to be a long, frustrating event" for those who have lost their homes or face substantial damage when they eventually are able to return.

It said the storm will continue to "produce heavy and excessive rainfall," endangering towns and cities in its path.

The hurricane agency said it expects Florence will dump up to another 25 centimeters of rain on central and western North Carolina, on top of the 38 to 50 centimeters that has already fallen on the region. It said the additional rain will "produce catastrophic flash flooding, prolonged significant river flooding, and an elevated risk for landslides in western North Carolina and far southwest Virginia."

韩朝两国领导人为第三次峰会作准备

韩国总统文在寅周二率领将近200人的代表团前往平壤，与朝鲜领导人金正恩举行第三次峰会。代表团中包括韩国一些巨头企业的负责人。

这次峰会不仅着重讨论与无核化和改善朝韩关系有关的问题，而且也将作为一个平台，展示文在寅是否能继续巩固他为平壤和华盛顿改善关系所起的作用。

人们对朝鲜领导人是否认真对待无核化的问题仍然存疑。观察人士说，金正恩和朝鲜政权是否愿意放弃所有这些核武器和计划，这并不是完全清楚。

首尔官员表示，文在寅在这次峰会的重点是改善和发展韩韩关系。预计两位领导人将致力于进一步落实在今年4月27日签署的“板门店宣言”中简介的项目。

文在寅的第二个目标是调解和促进朝鲜与美国之间的无核化对话。

预计峰会结束时，文在寅也可能签署一项“全面的军事协议”。该协议是“板门店宣言”中提出的要点之一，文在寅与金正恩同意采取切实措施防止朝韩发生意外冲突，缓解军事紧张局势。

如果双方达成任何协议，预计两位领导人可能会在周三举行联合新闻发布会，宣布在第三次朝韩峰会期间达成的任何协议。

Moon, Kim Prepare for 3rd Inter-Korean Summit

South Korean President Moon Jae-in travels to Pyongyang Tuesday with a delegation numbering nearly 200, including leaders from some of the country's largest companies, for his third summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

The meeting will not only focus on issues related to denuclearization and improving Inter-Korean ties, but will serve as a platform to see if Moon can cement his role as facilitator between Pyongyang and Washington.

Skepticism remains over whether the North Korean leader is serious about denuclearization. Observers indicated that It’s not crystal clear that Kim Jong Un and [the] North Korean regime is willing to give up all those nuclear weapons and programs.

Seoul officials say Moon’s primary focus of the summit is to improve and develop inter-Korean relations. It’s expected that Moon and Kim will work to further implement the items outlined in the April 27 Panmunjom Declaration.

His second objective is to mediate and promote denuclearization dialogue between North Korea and the United States.

At the summit’s conclusion, President Moon may also sign a "comprehensive military agreement.” That agreement was one of the points outlined in the Panmunjom Declaration, where Moon and Kim agreed to implement practical measures to prevent accidental clashes and ease military tensions.

Moon and Kim may hold a joint press conference Wednesday to announce any agreements made during the third inter-Korean summit, provided some are reached.