布隆伯格向联合国捐款450万美元减缓全球气变

前纽约市长布隆伯格星期天宣布，他将向《联合国气候变化框架公约》秘书处捐款450万美元，弥补美国退出巴黎协定而导致的资金缺口。

布隆伯格的慈善基金会说，这笔钱将用于支持发展中国家努力实现巴黎协定规定的目标，以及促进世界各国城市及企业针对气变采取行动。

200多个国家和组织2015年签署的巴黎协定争取减少二氧化碳以及其它温室气体的排放，以阻止地球气温继续升高。

前美国总统奥巴马的政府在巴黎协定上签了字，但是川普总统宣布退出这一协定。川普主张更多使用矿物燃料，并质疑全球气候变化的科学性。他说，巴黎协定将导致美国公司丢失数以百万记的工作。

布隆伯格去年曾向联合国做了类似的捐款，并保证将继续捐赠。他星期天在接受美国哥伦比亚广播公司的电视采访时说，川普总统有能力改变他的立场。

美国是世界上碳排放最多的国家之一。

Bloomberg Donating $4.5 Million to Support Paris Climate Accord

Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Sunday he is giving $4.5 million to the United Nations Climate Change Secretariat to cover a U.S. government funding gap for the international Paris climate accord.

Bloomberg's charitable foundation said the money will support work developing countries are doing to achieve their targets under the agreement as well as "promoting climate action" among cities and businesses.

The 2015 treaty signed by more than 200 nations and entities vowed to curb carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions in order to try to limit global temperature rise.

Former President Barack Obama's administration was among the signatories, but President Donald Trump said he would pull out of the agreement. Trump campaigned as a booster of fossil fuels and a skeptic of climate change science, and said the Paris accord would cause U.S. businesses to lose millions of jobs.

Bloomberg made a similar payment last year and pledged to continue the contributions. He told CBS News in an interview broadcast Sunday that Trump is capable of changing his position.

The United States is among the world's top emitters of carbon dioxide.

法国总统马克龙对美国国事访问

法国总统马克龙星期一前往美国进行国事访问，与川普总统会谈。他希望说服川普总统即使在击败伊斯兰国组织后仍然在叙利亚保留美国军队，并豁免欧盟成员国缴纳新实行的钢铝产品关税。

马克龙称美国是能给和平与多边主义的带来希望的最后一个国家。

川普总统表示要尽快把大约2000美军从叙利亚撤出，尽管上星期他命令美国军队与法国和英国一道针对据称叙利亚发动毒气攻击做出反应，联合发动了打击叙利亚化学武器设施的导弹攻击。川普总统计划撤出美国军队前，伊斯兰国组织在叙利亚的所谓哈里发国首都拉卡被攻陷。

马卡龙在接受记者采访时说： "我将坦率地告诉川普总统，如果撤出叙利亚，就会给伊朗政权以及叙利亚的阿萨德政权机会发动新的战争。"

他还表示，美国和法国是盟国，但是即使俄罗斯和土耳其也会在创建新叙利亚的努力中发挥作用，确保叙利亚人民能决定自己的未来。

French President Macron in Washington for a state visit

French President Emmanuel Macron is heading Monday to the United States for a state visit with President Donald Trump, looking to convince him of the need to keep a U.S. presence in Syria even after the defeat of Islamic State terrorists and to give the European Union an exemption on new aluminum and steel tariffs.

He described the U.S. as "a player of last resorts for peace and multilateralism."

Trump has said he wants to pull the estimated 2,000 U.S. troops from Syria as soon as possible, even as a week ago he ordered the U.S. military to join France and Britain in launching missiles targeting Syrian chemical weapons facilities in response to a suspected Syrian gas attack. Trump's planned troop withdrawal comes after the fall of Raqqa, Islamic State's self-declared capital of its religious caliphate in northern Syria.

"I'm going to be very blunt," Macron said in the interview. "If we leave ... will we leave the floor to the Iranian regime and (Syrian President) Bashar al-Assad? They will prepare a new war."

He said the U.S. and France are allied but that "even Russia and Turkey will have a very important role to play to create this new Syria and ensure the Syrian people decide for the future."