俄罗斯成千上万民众游行支持反对党

俄罗斯反对党领袖纳瓦尔尼(Alexei Navalny)从莫斯科的警察拘留所获释。此前成千上万支持反对派的示威者抗议3月将举行的一次选举。据信选举将延长普京在克里姆林宫的任期。

纳瓦尔尼在前往莫斯科市中心参加一个集会的途中被警察逮捕。

早些时候，警察搜查纳瓦尔尼在莫斯科的总部，用电锯打开了纳瓦尔尼的办公室门。俄罗斯官员称，有人报告有炸弹威胁。

成千上万抗议者冒着摄氏零下45度的低温抗议纳瓦尔尼及其支持者所说的假选举。

纳瓦尔尼敦促俄罗斯选民抵制定于3月举行的总统选举。看来普京将在这场选举中获胜，再连任总统四年。

Thousands March in Pro-Opposition Rallies Across Russia

Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been released from police detention in Moscow after thousands of pro-opposition marchers rallied against a March election expected to extend President Vladimir Putin's term in Kremlin.

Police arrested Navalny while he was on his way to a rally in central Moscow.

Earlier, police raided his Moscow headquarters, breaking into the office with a power saw. Officials claimed someone had reported a bomb threat.

Thousands of protesters braved freezing temperatures as low as minus 45 degrees to stage rallies in dozens of cities across Russia to protest what Navalny and his supporters call upcoming "pseudo-elections."

Navalny is urging Russians to boycott the March presidential election, in which Vladimir Putin is just about assured to win a fourth term.


纽约调查在社交媒体平台出售僵尸粉公司

纽约州总检察长史树德开始调查一家据称向社交媒体用户出售了两亿多僵尸粉的公司。

纽约时报报道，Devumi公司向名人、体育明星和政界人士出售了两亿多僵尸粉。

纽约总检察长史树德(Eric Schneiderman)说：“根据纽约州法律，假冒和欺诈是违法行为。我们开始调查Devumi公司。看来这家公司用盗窃的用户信息出售了僵尸粉。”

《纽约时报》报道，至少有5万5000人的推特信息被猎取，包括用户名、照片、居住地点以及其它一些详细信息。《纽约时报》说，被盗窃信息的用户来自美国50个州和几十个国家。

史树德说：“日益增多的僵尸粉意味着公共对话中的真正声音被淹没。那些能出大价钱购买僵尸粉的人能够用钱换取影响力。”

在社交媒体上，拥有大量粉丝意味着更大的影响和曝光度，能影响公众舆论，还经常能给这些高粉丝用户带来回报丰厚的签约。

Devumi公司在其网站上可让客户购买各社交媒体平台的最多50万僵尸粉，包括推特(Twitter)、Youtube、领英(LinkedIn)、缤趣(Pinterest)、和Vimeo，价格从12美元起。

New York to Probe Firms that Sells Fake Social Media Followers

New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has launched an investigation of a firm that allegedly sold millions of fake followers to social media users.

The company, Devumi, sold more than 200 million fake followers, or bots, to celebrities, sports stars, and politicians, The New York Times reported.

"Impersonation and deception are illegal under New York law," Schneiderman tweeted. "We are opening an investigation into Devumi and its apparent sale of bots using stolen identities."

The Times reported that at least 55,000 of the bot accounts names, pictures, hometowns and other details taken from people on Twitter. The information was stolen from people in every U.S. state as well as dozens of countries, The Times said.

"The growing prevalence of bots means that real voices are too often drowned out in public conversation," Schneiderman said. "Those who can pay the most for followers can buy their way to apparent influence."

On social media, high follower numbers means greater influence and visibility, which can impact public opinion and offer lucrative financial deals for the account holders.

On its website, Devumi offers customers the chance to buy up to 500,000 followers for social media sites including Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Vimeo, with prices starting at as little as $12.