利比里亚前总统获伊布拉欣獎

利比里亚前总统埃伦·约翰逊·瑟利夫被授予五百万美元的伊布拉欣奖，以表彰她在非洲的杰出领导作用。

瑟利夫上月卸任，这是1944年以来利比里亚的第一次政权民主过渡。这位诺贝尔和平奖得主是非洲第一位民选女政府首脑。她担任两届总统，每届六年，依据利比里亚宪法，不具备再度竞选连任的资格。

评奖委员会主席萨利姆·艾哈迈德·萨利姆宣布这一奖项时表示，瑟利夫“在利比里亚被内战彻底摧毁时掌管利比里亚，领导了集中建设国家和民主制度的和解过程”。萨利姆还说“这样的过程不可能没有某些缺点”，但是瑟利夫“奠定了利比里亚如今可以发展的基础”。

前美国驻利比里亚大使琳达·托马斯-格林菲尔德说，瑟利夫“留下的国家，比她接管时的情况好了很多”，并说“任重道远”。

伊布拉欣獎基金会是苏丹电信大王莫·伊布拉欣设立的，他在得知瑟利夫获奖时表示：“很高兴看到第一位女性伊布拉欣奖得主，希望瑟利夫继续鼓舞非洲和其他地方的妇女。”

五百万美元奖金将分十年授予，另有每年20万美元得奖者可终生获得。

Former President of Liberia Wins Ibrahim Leadership Prize

Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the former president of Liberia, has been awarded the $5 million Mo Ibrahim prize which recognizes excellence in African leadership.

Johnson Sirleaf stepped down from office last month, the first democratic transition of power in Liberia since 1944. The Nobel Peace Prize laureate was Africa's first female elected head of state. She served two six-year terms, but was not eligible to run again for the office, according to Liberia's constitution.

Dr. Salim Ahmed Salim, the chair of the prize committee said in announcing the award that Johnson Sirleaf "took the helm of Liberia when it was completely destroyed by civil war and led a process of reconciliation that focused on building a nation and its democratic institutions." He added that "Such a journey cannot be without some shortcomings," but nevertheless Johnson Sirleaf "laid the foundations on which Liberia can now build."

Linda Thomas-Greenfield, a former U.S. ambassador to Liberia, said Johnson Sirleaf "left the country in a much better state than she found it," adding there is "still a lot of work to be done."

The Mo Ibrahim Foundation was founded by Sudanese telecom tycoon Mo Ibrahim who said upon learning that Johnson Sirleaf had been awarded the prize: "I am proud to see the first woman Ibrahim Laureate, and I hope Ellen Johnson Sirleaf will continue to inspire women in Africa and beyond."

The $5 million prize is handed out over 10 years with another $200,000 annually throughout the winner's lifetime.

南非执政党决定不再让祖马担任总统

南非执政的非国大的领导人星期二上午举行记者会，预计宣布他们决定不再让身陷麻烦的祖马总统继续担任国家元首。

媒体报道说，非国大的全国执行委员会在普利托利亚经过13小时的马拉松会议后星期二凌晨决定罢免祖马。看来这项决定是在非国大主席拉马福萨星期一深夜在普利托利亚与祖马私下会面后最后做出的。南非国家广播电台早些时候的报道说，非国大全国执行委员会要求祖马在48小时内提出辞职。

非国大做出决定前，与丑闻缠身的祖马进行了一个星期争取他辞职的谈判，但是无果而终。

自从拉马福萨去年12月在竞选中击败祖马的前妻担任非国大主席以来，要求75岁的祖马辞职的压力日益增加。政治动乱迫使祖马定于上星期对议会两院做国情咨文的计划取消。

祖马的任期明年到期。一个由民主联盟和经济自由战士党领导的反对派联盟说，在祖马下台后，将要求解散议会，提前举行选举。

South Africa's ANC Decides to Remove Zuma as President

Leaders of the African National Congress will hold a news conference Tuesday morning, where they are expected to announce their decision to remove embattled President Jacob Zuma as head of state.

News outlets say the ANC's national executive committee decided to recall Zuma in the predawn hours Tuesday after a marathon 13-hour meeting in Pretoria. The decision was apparently sealed after ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa privately met with Zuma late Monday night in Pretoria as the talks dragged on. Earlier reports from state broadcaster SABC said the committee had given Zuma 48 hours to turn in his resignation.

The decision to remove Zuma from office came after a week of negotiations with the scandal-scarred president failed to convince him to quit.

Pressure has mounted on the 75-year-old Zuma to step down since Ramaphosa took over as ANC head in December, defeating the president's ex-wife Nkosazana Dlamina-Zuma. The political turmoil forced the cancellation of Zuma's annual State of the Nation address before a joint session of Parliament last week.

Zuma is scheduled to step down next year. An opposition coalition led by the Democratic Alliance and the far-left Economic Freedom Fighters says it will demand parliament be dissolved and early elections held once Zuma is out.