美国政府部分停摆

为美国联邦政府拨款的临时预算法案星期五未能在参议院通过，美国政府从星期六凌晨开始部分关闭。预算权限于华盛顿时间星期五午夜到期，非必要部门随即关闭。

参议员星期六下午将继续就一项临时预算法案进行辩论。这项法案将为联邦政府提供运作到2月8号的资金。民主党参议员鲍德恩反对不断通过临时预算法案的做法。他说，“这样做只会把问题向后推，而不能为美国人民解决问题”。

星期五，为数不多的共和党参议员和绝大多数民主党参议员一起，投票反对通过拨款法案。通过这项法案需要总共有100个席位的参议院的五分之三多数通过。

表决之后很多参议员在会场内外继续进行激烈讨论，希望争取两党达成一致，通过继续向联邦政府拨款的议案。

白宫对参议院未能通过拨款法案立即做出反应，指责参议院的民主党人促成了它所说的“舒默式关闭”，并批评参议员对非法移民的关心胜于对合法的美国公民。白宫声明说：“民主党人开始向我们的军队和急救人员支付工资时，我们才会重新谈判移民改革。”

Partial US Government Shutdown Begins

A partial shutdown of the U.S. government commenced early Saturday after a funding bill was blocked in the Senate. Spending authority expired at midnight Washington time, triggering a halt of non-essential functions.

Senators resume debate Saturday afternoon on a temporary spending bill that would fund the government through February 8. Democratic Senator Tammy Baldwin, however, objects to the continuing series of temporary spending bills, saying it "simply kicks the can down the road and fails to get the job done for the American people."

On Friday, a handful of Republicans joined all but a few Democrats in opposing the funding bill, which needed three-fifths backing to advance in the 100-member chamber.

The outcome set off furious discussions among senators on and off the chamber floor, seeking a last-gasp bipartisan deal to restart the flow of federal funding.

The White House responded immediately to the failure to reach a funding agreement. It said in a statement that the Senate Democrats are "obstructionist losers" and blamed them for what it called the "Schumer Shutdown," accusing legislators of valuing illegal immigrants ahead of lawful Americans. The statement said "When Democrats start paying our armed forces and first responders we will reopen negotiations on immigration reform."

保罗参议员的袭击者被控联邦罪

被控殴打共和党籍联邦参议员保罗的肯塔基州男子被正式指控，罪名是攻击联邦议员。但是这名男子对调查人员说，他的行为没有政治动机。

有关官员说，布切尔打算和联邦法院达成辩诉交易，准备承认犯有攻击罪。

布切尔的律师说，攻击事件的起因是院落园艺维护。他说，与布切尔为邻的保罗参议员在两家房产交界处堆放了树枝和杂物，布切尔看到保罗参议员继续堆放更多的杂物，感到“受够了”。

保罗参议员去年11月在肯塔基州的住宅带着耳机在院子里割草，布切尔冲到他的院内，与他发生了肢体冲突。保罗参议员6根肋骨被打断，一度不得不缺席参议院有关税法改革的辩论。在美国，殴打联邦议员并造成伤害是联邦重罪。

Attacker of U.S. Senator Rand Paul Charged with Federal Assault

A Kentucky man accused of attacking U.S. Republican Senator Rand Paul has been charged with assaulting a member of Congress, but has told investigators his actions were not politically motivated.

Officials say Rene Boucher plans to plead guilty to the assault as part of a federal plea agreement.

Boucher’s attorney says the attack stemmed from a dispute about yard maintenance. He said Boucher became angered by branches and yard clutter that were on the property line and “had enough” after seeing Paul stack more brush on the pile.

Paul was wearing headphones while mowing his yard in Bowling Green, Kentucky, when Boucher ran into his yard in November and tackled him. The assault left Rand with six broken ribs and briefly sidelined him during the Senate debate over tax reform. Assaulting a member of Congress and causing injury is a federal felony.