两俄罗斯黑客盗取贩卖他人身份在美国被判监禁

两名俄罗斯公民参加一个全球电脑黑客团伙，盗取了1亿6000万张信用卡的号码，给受害者造成数亿美元的损失，被美国联邦法院判处长期监禁。

美国司法部说，这是美国历史上最大规模的数据失窃案件之一。

新泽西州的一位联邦法官判处37岁的弗拉基米尔·德林克曼12年徒刑，判处34岁的德米特里·斯米利亚涅茨4年以上徒刑。

还有3名同谋嫌疑人仍然在逃。

美国检察官指控这5名被告从公司电脑网络盗取名字、密码以及信用卡和借记卡的号码，然后在世界范围出售。

购买了这些信息的人把信息植入信用卡或借记卡的磁条，然后在自动柜员机提款或通过其它方式购买产品和服务。

这些被告用多种方法掩盖他们的犯罪行为。

美国司法部说，很多公司和消费者损失了数亿美元，而身份被盗者遭受的痛苦难以估量。

Long Prison Terms for Two Russian Nationals in Massive Identity Theft Ring

Two Russian nationals have been given long prison terms for their roles in a global computer hacking ring that stole more than 160 million credit card numbers and cost its victims hundreds of millions of dollars.

The Justice Department calls it one of the biggest data breach schemes in U.S. history.

A federal judge in New Jersey sentenced Vladimir Drinkman, 37, to 12 years behind bars and Dmitriy Smilianets, 34, to more than four years in prison.

Three suspected co-conspirators are still at large.

U.S. prosecutors accuse the five defendants of stealing names, passwords and credit and debit card numbers from corporate computer networks, and selling that information to others around the world.

Those who bought the stolen information encoded it on magnetic strips on plastic cards and used the cards in ATMs and other devices to buy goods and services.

The defendants used a number of methods to hide their crimes.

The Justice Department said corporations and consumers lost hundreds of millions of dollars. They say the losses suffered by those whose identities were stolen are "immeasurable."


美国报告称巴基斯坦武器库威胁美国区域利益

巴基斯坦批评美国新公布的一份报告。这份报告说，巴基斯坦的武器库仍然对美国在那一区域的利益构成威胁。

美国报告说，巴基斯坦的核武器生产将会给其所在区域带来风险，增添变数，削弱安全。

巴基斯坦外交部发言人费萨尔星期四批评说，美国的报告专门从负面的角度看到巴基斯坦。他表明，印度核武器库的增长是最快的。

巴基斯坦官员坚持认为，巴基斯坦可携带核弹头的短程导弹可以威慑其更强大的邻国印度，让它不敢根据其“冷启动”理论对巴基斯坦发动常规军队的突然袭击。

巴基斯坦和美国的脆弱关系最近进一步恶化。美国指称，巴基斯坦与塔利班以及其他在阿富汗与美军作战的激进组织秘密保持联系。

巴基斯坦当局否认它与激进组织有任何联系。

U.S. report: Pakistan's weapons a threat to regional American interests.

Pakistan is criticizing a new U.S. report saying the south Asian country's weapons are a continued threat to regional American interests.

The report says Pakistan's production of nuclear weapons will introduce new risks for escalation dynamics and security in the region.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Faisal criticized the report Thursday for its “singular negative focus” on Pakistan.

He pointed to India as having the “fastest growing” stockpiles of nuclear weapons.

Pakistani officials maintain that the nation's short-range nuclear-capable missile would deter bigger neighbor India from imposing a sudden, limited assault with conventional forces under New Delhi's "Cold Start" doctrine.

Pakistan’s fragile relations with the U.S. have deteriorated lately over allegations Islamabad covertly maintains ties with the Taliban and other militant groups fighting American forces in Afghanistan.

Pakistani authorities deny any links with the militants.