一对夫妇涉嫌虐待亲生子女被逮捕

警察在洛杉矶东部逮捕两人。警察震惊地发现这两人的12个子女被关在家中，条件肮脏恶劣。

大卫·图尔平和露易丝·图尔平夫妇已被收押，保释金为900万美元。警方正在针对折磨和危害儿童的指控进行调查。

一名17岁少女从位于加州佩里斯的这个住家逃出，用手机报警。之后警方采取了行动。

警方说，这名少女营养不良，看起来像10岁的孩子，而不是17岁。

警察在图尔平夫妇的住房里发现了他们的12个子女，以为他们都未成年，但实际上其中一些已经成年，年龄在18岁到29岁之间。

警方说，最小的受害者两岁，一些人被铁链锁在床上。

警方说，房子里光线昏暗，臭不可闻，受害者浑身肮脏，看来在挨饿。

当局说，这对夫妇在家里开办一所私人学校。河滨郡警察局的新闻公告说，这两人近年来不断遇到财务困难。

警方的一份声明说，这对夫妇对把子女关在如此恶劣的环境中没有给出任何合理的解释。

Couple Jailed for Allegedly Torturing Their Children

Two people are under arrest east of Los Angeles after police were shocked and sickened to find 12 of their children allegedly held captive in their home in filthy conditions.

The couple, David and Louise Turpin, are being held on $9 million bail while police investigate charges of torture and child endangerment.

Police were alerted to the situation in the house in Perris, California, by a 17 year-old girl who escaped and called them on a cell phone.

The officers say she was so malnourished, that she looked like a 10 year-old child instead of 17.

They found a house full of what they thought were 12 children, when some were actually adults between 18 and 29 years old.

Police say the youngest victim was two and some of the children were shackled to beds with chains and padlocks.

Officers describe the house as dark and foul-smelling. The victims were dirty and appeared to be starving.

Authorities say the couple ran a day school out of their home and were beset with financial problems in recent years.

A police statement said the parents did not give any logical reason why their children were being held in such appalling conditions.

南非召见美国代办要求解释川普总统“粗口”

继一些国家之后，南非召见美国外交官，要求解释川普总统在谈到非洲、海地和萨尔瓦多人移民美国时用了侮辱性语言的媒体报道。

一些消息来源说，在白宫讨论移民问题的一次会议上，川普总统质疑美国为什么要接受这些“垃圾国家”的移民，在场的国会议员倍感震惊。

据报道，川普总统还说，美国应该接受更多来自像挪威那样的国家的移民。挪威人口绝大多数是白人。非洲国家以及海地的人口基本是黑人，多数萨尔瓦多人的肤色是棕色。

一些国际组织和美国的团体发表声明，担心美国及美国总统可能正走向种族主义之路。川普总统否认他是种族主义者，并坚持说，他没有说那样的粗话。

南非国际关系与合作部星期一召见美国驻南非大使馆代办。该部门的声明说，南非以及非洲其它国家与美国的关系必须基于相互尊重与理解。

南非是美国的紧密盟友，也是非洲第三大经济体。

South Africa Summons US Diplomat to Explain Trump's Reported Vulgar Remarks

South Africa is the latest country to call in an American diplomat to explain U.S. President Donald Trump's reported vulgar remarks about African, Haitian and El Salvadoran immigrants to the United States.

Trump stunned lawmakers in a recent White House meeting on immigration when, according to multiple reports, he asked, "Why are we having all these people from s---hole countries come here?"

Trump reportedly said the U.S. should allow in more people from places such as Norway. Norway's population is predominantly white. The populations of the African countries and Haiti are mostly black, while the population of El Salvador is mostly brown.

Statements from international and domestic organizations are expressing concern that the U.S. and its president are going down a racist path. Trump has denied he is a racist and insists he didn't make the remarks.

South Africa's Department of International Relations and Cooperation (DIRCO) was scheduled to talk Monday with the second in command at the U.S. embassy in Pretoria about Trump's statement.

The South African statement added: "Relations between South Africa and the United States, and between the rest of Africa and the United States, must be based on mutual respect and understanding."

South Africa is a close ally of the United States and the third-largest economy in Africa.