韩国总统文在寅将会见朝鲜领导人金正恩的妹妹

韩国总统文在寅本周晚些时候将会见朝鲜领导人金正恩的妹妹。

韩国总统府发言人金宜谦说，文在寅星期六将同参加平昌冬奥会的朝鲜代表团共进午餐，代表团成员包括金与正，她是朝鲜执政党资深官员，也是她哥哥的主要顾问。参加餐会的还有朝鲜政权的名义国家元首金永南。

金与正是1950-1953朝鲜战争结束以来，朝鲜长期执政家族到访韩国的第一位成员。

星期六的午宴将这两个对手之间最新一轮的外交姿态推向高潮。朝鲜领导人金正恩在新年致辞中首先提出派遣运动员参加平昌奥运会，韩国总统文在寅对此予以了响应。

这个庞大的朝鲜代表团星期五将抵达首尔，参加当晚举行的冬奥会开幕式。

South Korean President to Meet Kim Jong Un's Sister Saturday

South Korean President Moon Jae-in will meet with the sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un later this week.

Presidential spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom says Moon will have lunch on Saturday with North Korea's delegation to the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, whose members include Kim Yo Jong, a senior member of the North's ruling Workers' Party and a key advisor to her brother, and Kim Yong Nam, the regime's ceremonial head of state.

Kim Yo Jong will be the first member of the North's longtime ruling family to visit the South since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.

Saturday's lunch will cap a recent round of diplomatic overtures between the bitter rivals sparked by President Moon's acceptance of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's surprise offer to send his country's athletes to the PyeongChang Olympics during a New Year's Day speech.

The large North Korean delegation will arrive in Seoul Friday in time to attend the Games' opening ceremony that night.
孟加拉国前总理获刑5年

孟加拉国前总理卡莉达·齐亚被判处5年刑期，罪名是贪污腐败。

星期四，齐亚在首都达卡的一家法庭获得判决。她被判从一个孤儿院的专款中挪用25万美元的罪名成立。

涉案的齐亚的儿子塔里克·拉赫曼和另外四人被法官认定罪名成立，判处10年监禁。

这一判决使孟加拉国反对党民族主义党的领袖齐亚不能参加定于12月举行的全国选举。她的律师说，这一案件是政治动机推动的。

尽管政府当局出动大批的防暴警察遍布达卡，但成千上万的齐亚支持者星期四在庭讯前涌上达卡街头，护送着齐亚的车队驶向法庭。

孟加拉国政坛多年来一直被齐亚和现任总理谢赫·哈西娜之间你死我活的争斗所主导。

Ex-Bangladesh Leader Sentenced to Five Years in Prison

Former Bangladesh Prime Minister Khaleda Zia has been sentenced to five years in prison on corruption charges.

Zia received the verdict Thursday in a courtroom in the capital, Dhaka. She was convicted of embezzling up to $250,000 from a trust fund dedicated to an orphanage.

Zia's son, Tarique Rahman, and four other people convicted in the case were sentenced by the judge to 10 years in prison for their involvement in the crime.

The conviction bars Zia, the head of the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party, from running in the next national elections set for December. Her lawyers have denounced the case as politically motivated.

Thousands of Zia's supporters poured onto the streets of Dhaka ahead of Thursday's hearing and escorted her motorcade to the courtroom, despite the heavy presence of riot police deployed throughout the city.

Bangladesh's political scene has been dominated for years by a bitter rivalry between Zia and current Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.