反腐委员会质询前马来西亚领导人

马来西亚前总理纳吉布周二接受反贪委员会的质询。这是新总理马哈蒂尔上台后立即着手对大马主权发展基金1MDB数十亿美元被挪用的丑闻展开调查的一部分。

新上任的反贪委员会主席苏克里（Mohamad Shukri Abdull）在新闻发布会上说，纳吉布按照要求接受质询，但他没有被捕。

调查人员希望了解一笔从1MDB的一个部门向纳吉布的银行账户转账1000万美元的来龙去脉。这笔银行转账只是美国司法部指称纳吉布从该基金窃取的45亿美元的一小部分。

纳吉布否认有任何不当行为。

在本月早些时候的大选中，这个丑闻成为导致他最终败选以及其长期执政联盟下台的原因之一。胜选的前领导人马哈蒂尔上台后承诺对1MDB丑闻重新展开调查。

美国司法部在一份声明中表示，期待与马来西亚当局合作，并致力于确保美国金融体系不会受到想要隐瞒不义之财的腐败分子的破坏。

Anti-Corruption Commission Questions Former Malaysian Leader

Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak faced questions Tuesday from an anti-graft commission as part of a new probe into a multibillion-dollar scandal involving the country's development fund, 1MDB.

Anti-Corruption Commission chief Mohamad Shukri Abdull said at a news conference that he had summoned Najib for questioning, but that he would not be arrested Tuesday.

Investigators want to know about a $10 million bank transfer from a unit of 1MDB to Najib's bank account. The transaction is a small part of what the U.S. Justice Department alleges is $4.5 billion Najib helped steal from the fund.

Najib has denied any wrongdoing.

The scandal played a role in the defeat of his long-ruling coalition in national elections earlier this month that returned former leader Mahathir Mohamad to power. Mahathir pledged to open a new probe into the 1MDB scandal.

The Justice Department said in a statement it looks forward to working with Malaysian authorities and is committed to ensuring the U.S. financial system is not threatened by corrupt people who want to hide ill-gotten wealth.

老牌间谍哈斯佩尔宣誓就任中情局长

为美国中央情报局服务超过30年的吉娜·哈斯佩尔（Gina Haspel）星期一（5月21日）宣誓成为这个美国情报机构的第一位女局长。

美国总统川普出席了副总统彭斯在中情局总部主持的宣誓就职仪式。

川普说，哈斯佩尔“很坚强，在捍卫美国的问题上……永远不会退缩。这个机构的男女工作人员应该有卓越的领导人，而这正是他们得到的。”

川普称哈斯佩尔是“一个非常特别的人......一个以非凡的技能和忠诚奉献美国的人”。他对哈斯佩尔说：“这个国家没有人比你更适合担任这个非凡的职务。”

哈斯佩尔替代了最近出任美国国务卿的蓬佩奥。

哈斯佩尔形容在中情局和其他美国情报机构的工作“不仅仅是职业”，而是保护美国免受恐怖袭击的“召唤”。

美国国会参议院上周四以54票对45票批准了对她的任命。

Veteran Spy Haspel Sworn in as New CIA Chief

Gina Haspel, a 30-year veteran of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, was sworn in Monday as the spy agency's first female director.

President Donald Trump watched as Vice President Mike Pence swore in Haspel during a ceremony at the CIA headquarters.

​"Gina is tough, she is strong and when it comes to defending America, Gina will never back down," Trump said. "The men and women of this agency deserve exceptional leadership and that is what they are getting."

Trump called her "a very special person ... someone who has served this country with extraordinary skill and devotion." He said "there is no one in this country better qualified for this extraordinary office than you."

She is replacing Mike Pompeo, who recently became U.S. secretary of state.

Haspel described her life at CIA and that of other U.S. intelligence workers as "more than a career," but rather "a calling" to protect the country against terrorist attacks.

The U.S. Senate confirmed Haspel last Thursday by a vote of 54-45.