司法部长塞申斯提出加强撞火枪托监管建议

美国司法部长塞申斯宣布，司法部将公开发布有关改变联邦监管的计划，征求公众意见，把撞火枪托归入机枪。

撞火枪托是可以让半自动武器拥有全自动武器功能的装置。自从去年在拉斯维加斯发生大规模枪击事件，导致58人丧生，数百人受伤之后，这种装置一直是争议的目标。

在星期五晚间发布的一条新闻中，塞申斯部长表示，“每个美国人的安全是川普总统最重视的问题。”

塞申斯表示，注重安全是星期五公布法规改变这一举措的背后原因。

这份声明说，美国公民将有90天的时间来对这项计划发表意见。这项计划“将按照联邦法律把撞火枪托类的装置定为‘机枪’。”

公众意见可能不会对这项计划是否实施产生影响。联邦官员仍然对如何以及是否对撞火枪托的归类做出改变有最终决定权。

AG Sessions Floats Proposal to Tighten Regulation on Bump Stocks

U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has announced that the Department of Justice is publishing for comment a proposal to change federal regulations to classify bump stocks as machine guns.

Bump stocks, devices that enable a semiautomatic weapon to function as a fully automatic one, have been the object of controversy since a mass shooting in Las Vegas last year where 58 people died and hundreds more were injured.

In a news release late Friday, Sessions said, "President (Donald) Trump has had no higher priority than the safety of each and every American."

Sessions said that focus on safety was the reason behind Friday's move, the publishing of a proposed rule change.

U.S. citizens will have 90 days to comment on the proposal, which "would define ‘machinegun' to include bump stock-type devices under federal law -- effectively banning them," the statement said.

Public comments do not necessarily have an impact on whether the proposal is implemented or not; federal officials will still have the final say on how and whether the classification of bump stocks is changed.

调查人员进入剑桥分析英国总部

英国调查人员进入了数据研究公司剑桥分析(Cambridge Analytica)的伦敦办公处。这家公司处在社交网络脸书(Facebook)几千万用户个人数据据称被滥用的争议核心。

大约20名调查人员星期五晚间抵达该公司位于伦敦中部的办公处。在这之前不久，法官批准了英国信息专员办公室的搜查申请。

信息专员伊丽莎白·德纳姆正在调查这家研究公司非法从脸书获取个人数据的指称。

据称，剑桥分析非法使用了据估计多达5千万脸书用户的资料，为包括川普总统竞选阵营在内的美国政治竞选团队建立档案。

Investigators Enter UK Headquarters of Research Firm Cambridge Analytica

British investigators have entered the London offices of the data research firm Cambridge Analytica, which is at the center of controversy over the alleged use of millions of people’s personal data from the Facebook social network.

About 20 investigators arrived at the firm’s central London offices late Friday, soon after a judge granted a search warrant that Britain’s Information Commissioners Office had requested.

Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham is investigating claims the research firm illegally acquired the personal data from Facebook.

The research firm is alleged to have illegally used the data of an estimated 50 million Facebook users to build profiles for U.S. political campaigns, including the presidential campaign of Donald Trump.