白宫称川普与安倍会谈将“非常积极”

美国总统川普星期二开始与日本首相安倍晋三进行两天的会谈。白宫说，会谈将“非常积极”。

白宫新闻秘书桑德斯星期一在飞往佛罗里达的空军一号上对记者说，两位领导人的讨论将主要集中准备与朝鲜的会谈，以及很多有关贸易的议题。

安倍首相对川普总统并不陌生，而且还是川普担任总统期间见得最多的外国领导人。

川普总统和安倍首相都对朝鲜问题极为关注。朝鲜无视国际制裁，继续进行其弹道导弹和核武器的计划。

川普总统计划与朝鲜领导人金正恩进行史无前例的对话，安倍首相希望在这个重要会谈之前先与川普总统见面。

安倍首相在启程飞往美国之前说，他希望确认美国在继续施压朝鲜问题上的立场，迫使朝鲜不可逆转地放弃核武器和导弹。

White House Expects ‘Very Positive’ Abe Talks

U.S. President Donald Trump hosts Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe beginning Tuesday for two days of talks the White House says it expects to "be very positive."

Speaking to reporters on Air Force One on Monday’s flight to Florida, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the discussions between the two leaders are “going to be centered primarily on preparation for talks with North Korea, as well as a lot of trade discussion.”

Trump and Abe are no strangers. The Japanese prime minister is the foreign leader the U.S. president has met with and spoken to most often during his presidency.

Trump and Abe share a pressing concern — North Korea, which has ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs in defiance of international sanctions.

With an unprecedented summit being planned between Trump and Kim Jong Un, the Japanese leader wants face time with the U.S. president before that critical meeting.

Abe said before taking his flight to the United States he wants to confirm the U.S. stance on applying pressure on North Korea to get it to irreversibly give up its missiles and nuclear weapons.

俄罗斯调查记者从阳台上坠地不治身亡事件

俄罗斯一位做调查报道的记者星期四在叶卡捷琳堡五层楼住宅的阳台上坠地后星期日不治身亡。他最近写的报道有关俄罗斯雇佣军在叙利亚丧生。

32岁的波洛丁（Maxim Borodin）的雇主“新闻日”网站说，波洛丁在他住宅阳台下的人行道上被人发现摔伤后送到医院，星期天去世。

当地警方说，他们没有发现任何不正常的情况。但是波洛丁的去世在他的朋友和同事中引发很多揣测。

波洛丁的朋友巴什科夫在脸书上发帖说，波洛丁在他坠地前一天、星期三的早晨曾与他联系，告诉他有一名持枪男子在他的阳台上，还有几名头戴面罩，身穿迷彩服的人在他公寓楼的楼梯上游走。

巴什科夫说，波洛丁一小时后给他打电话，说他搞错了，那些他以为是武装男子的人可能正在进行训练。

波洛丁经常报道俄罗斯一些广泛引人关注的腐败和刑事案件。他今年2月报道，俄罗斯雇佣军在叙利亚代尔祖尔附近与美国军队发生的冲突中丧生。

他去年在俄罗斯独立电视台TV Rain上接受采访，谈论引发争议的俄罗斯电影《玛蒂尔达》，后来被身份不明者用铁棍击打头部。

根据欧洲新闻记者联合会的统计，俄罗斯是全欧洲记者被谋杀最多的国家。

总部设在美国的记者保护委员会说，自从1992年以来，俄罗斯有38名记者被谋杀，其中大部分案件至今仍未破案。

Russian Investigative Journalist Dies After Fall from Balcony

A Russian investigative journalist, who recently wrote about the deaths of Russian mercenaries in Syria, has died after falling from his fifth-floor balcony in the city of Yekaterinburg.

Maxim Borodin, 32, was found badly injured on the pavement under his balcony and taken to a hospital, where he died Sunday, according to his employer, the news website Novy Den (New Day).

Local police said they did not see any foul play, but his death prompted intense speculation among friends and colleagues.

Borodin's friend, Vyacheslav Bashkov, wrote on Facebook that Borodin contacted him early in the morning on Wednesday, the day before the fall, and told him that there was a man with a gun on his balcony, and that several others in masks and camouflage clothing were lurking in the stairwell leading to his apartment building.

Bashkov said that Borodin had called back an hour later and said he had been mistaken and that he thought the armed men were probably taking part in a training exercise.

Borodin regularly covered high-profile corruption cases and crime in Russia. In February, he broke a story about Russian mercenaries who died in an armed confrontation with U.S. forces near Deir-Ezzor, Syria.

Last year, he gave an interview to a Russian independent channel TV Rain and talked about the controversial film Matilda, then was subsequently hit on the head by an unknown assailant with a metal pipe.

Russia ranks first on the European Federation of Journalists list of countries with the highest number of journalists murdered in Europe.

Since 1992, 38 journalists have been murdered in Russia, according to the U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists. Most of those cases remain unsolved.