匈牙利总理欧尔班第三次连任总理

匈牙利总理欧尔班在他的反移民政党青年民主主义者联盟在星期天议会选举中赢得多数后宣称匈牙利取得了“伟大胜利”。

选票已经基本清点完毕，青民盟及其同盟基督教民主人民党预计赢得议会199个席位中的133席。

民族主义政党“尤比克争取更好的匈牙利运动“将赢得26个议会席位，社会党将获得20个席位。

欧尔班将第三次连任总理，这也是他的第四个总理任期。

欧尔班的竞选平台基本是反移民，警告说，穆斯林移民”就像铁锈，缓慢但终将毁掉匈牙利“。

欧尔班还批评欧盟试图从匈牙利人手中夺走匈牙利，稀释欧洲文化。

匈牙利在边界修建了围墙，并通过法律，不允许叙利亚和阿富汗等国家的移民借道匈牙利前往西欧。

Hungarian PM Wins Third Straight Term

Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban is celebrating what he calls a "great victory" for Hungary after his anti-immigration Fidesz party won a large majority in Sunday's parliamentary election.

With almost all the votes counted, Fidesz and its Christian Democrat allies are expected to wind up with 133 seats in the 199-seat parliament.

The nationalist Jobbik party will finish with 26 seats, while the Socialists will control 20 seats.

Orban will serve his third straight term as Hungary's prime minister and his fourth overall.

Orban largely campaigned on an anti-immigrant anti-migration platform, warning that Muslim migration "is like a rust that slowly but surely would consume Hungary."

He also accused the European Union of trying to take Hungary away from Hungarians and dilute European culture.

Hungary has built border fences and passed laws aimed at keeping it from becoming a route for migrants heading into Western Europe from places such as Syria and Afghanistan.

韩国检方以收受贿和贪污罪起诉前总统李明博

韩国检方以收受贿赂和贪污等罪名对前总统李明博提出起诉。

李明博被指控从韩国情报部门和三星公司接受了1000万美元的贿赂。检方还说，李明博从他自己拥有的私人公司贪污了3300万美元。

李明博否认有任何违法行为，并说对他的指控是出于政治目的。李明博从上月起一直被收押。

曾经是保守派商人的李明博2008年到2013年担任韩国总统，也是在任或离任后被指控腐败的第四位在世韩国领导人。

接替李明博担任韩国总统的朴槿惠卷入腐败丑闻，星期五刚被判处24年徒刑。

Prosecutors Indict Former South Korean President Lee For Corruption

South Korean prosecutors have indicted former President Lee Myung-bak on charges that include bribery and embezzlement.

He is accused of accepting $10 million in bribes from South Korea's spy agency as well as Samsung. Prosecutors also say Lee embezzled $33 million from a private company he owned.

Lee denies any wrongdoing, saying the charges are political. He has been in custody since last month.

The conservative businessman who governed from 2008 to 2013 is the fourth living South Korean leader to be entangled in corruption allegations before leaving office or in the years afterwards.

His successor, Park Geun-hye, was sentenced to 24 years in prison in a separate corruption scandal on Friday.