美国暂时关闭美墨边境主要过境点

美国官员周一暂时关闭了世界上最繁忙的过境点之一，以便在中美洲移民大军到达之际建起混凝土隔离墙和带刺铁丝网。

位于墨西哥蒂华纳和加利福尼亚州圣地亚哥之间的过境点关闭，使大量墨西哥人无法为了工作进入美国，也给到墨西哥旅游后回家的美国公民造成交通阻塞。

设立的隔离墙显然是出于对大量人员也许会试图闯过边境进入美国的担忧而采取的预防措施。

来自中美洲各地的移民大军中已有大约3,000人来到蒂华纳，预计这个星期陆续还会有数千人抵达。

蒂华纳的数百名当地人对这些移民报以敌意，对他们呼喊“离开这里！”和“回家去！”

一些人呼应美国总统特朗普的观点，称这些中美洲移民是罪犯，他们成群结伙前来是“入侵”。

特朗普周日在推特上说，美国“没有为这种入侵做好准备，也不会容忍它。他们已经给墨西哥带来犯罪和巨大问题。回家吧。”

但其中一些移民表示人们认为他们是危险人群感到不解，声称他们从洪都拉斯前来美国是为了逃脱暴力和帮派。

US Briefly Closes Major Border Crossing with Mexico

U.S. officials briefly shut down one of the world's busiest border crossings Monday to set up concrete blocks and barbed wire as Central American migrants arrive.

The closure of the crossing between Tijuana, Mexico, and San Diego, California, kept a large number of Mexicans from entering the U.S. where there are jobs.

It also caused a massive traffic backup for U.S. citizens trying to get back home after visiting Mexico.

The barriers are an apparent precaution against fears that a large number of people may try to rush the border to get into the U.S.

About 3,000 migrants from the various Central American caravans are already in Tijuana and thousands more are expected throughout the week.

They have gotten a hostile reception from hundreds of locals in Tijuana, who greeted the migrants with cries of "get out" and "go home."

Some echoed President Donald Trump's rhetoric, calling the Central Americans criminals and the caravan an "invasion."

Trump tweeted Sunday that the U.S. is "ill-prepared for this invasion and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home."

But some of the migrants are puzzled by fears they are dangerous, saying they fled Honduras for the U.S. to escape violence and gangs.

法国继续抗议燃油价格上涨

法国的抗议者们预计周二继续举行示威活动，反对由于政府环境政策带来的燃油价格上涨。

周一约有2万人参加示威，阻碍油库、道路和加油站的交通。

上周六有近30万人参加抗议活动。组织者们呼吁，如果法国总统马克龙的政府不同意取消燃油税，就将在11月24号再次举行大规模抗议。这项税收将在未来几年推升燃油价格。

这些抗议活动还反映出民众对法国经济以及人们认为家庭消费能力下降的普遍不满。一些评论人士称马克龙为“富人的总统”。

但马克龙政府没有让步。法国总理菲利普周日表示，他听到了抗议者愤怒的呼声，但政策不会改变。

警方星期一清除了部分抗议现场。

示威活动中有一人被一名恐慌的司机撞死，有500多人受伤。

French Protests Target Fuel Price Hikes

Protesters in France are expected to continue demonstrations Tuesday against a hike in fuel prices linked to government environmental policies.

About 20,000 people turned out Monday to block oil depots, roads and gas stations.

Nearly 300,000 protested on Saturday, and organizers are again calling for mass demonstrations November 24 if President Emmanuel Macron's government does not agree to remove the taxes that are due to push fuel prices even higher in coming years.

The protests also reflect broader dissatisfaction with the French economy and perceptions that households have less spending power. Some critics have labeled Macron as "president of the rich."

But his government is not backing down. Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said Sunday that while he hears protesters' anger, the policies will not change.

Police cleared some of the protests sites Monday.

One person has been killed in the demonstrations after being hit by a panicked driver. More than 500 people have been injured.