美国星期一纪念阵亡将士

很多美国人星期一都不用去上班上学。这个三天的长周末是美国夏季休假季节的非正式开始。许多家庭进行烧烤或前往海滨、公园或营地休闲。

每年5月最后一个星期一的阵亡将士纪念日是为了缅怀美国历史上所有阵亡的军人。国会1971年宣布阵亡将士纪念日为全国的联邦假日。

在首都华盛顿和全国各地，都有各种纪念活动。美国总统川普将在阿灵顿国家公墓向无名战士墓敬献花圈。

阵亡将士日最早开始于南北战争结束后的1865年，其后50多年里，一般只纪念在内战中阵亡的军人。直到第一次世界大战时，才扩大到包括所有战争中死亡的将士。

像往年一样，数以千计的老兵和其他人骑着摩托车云集首都华盛顿参加“滚雷”行动，驶过国家大草坪附近的多个纪念碑，纪念在海外战争中失踪的军人。

The U.S. celebrates Memorial Day Monday

Many Americans have the day off from work and school on Monday. The three-day weekend is seen as the unofficial start of the summer vacation season. Many families have picnics or make trips to beaches, parks or campgrounds.

Officially, Memorial Day, observed on the last Monday in May, has been set aside to honor all who died during military service throughout U.S. history. Congress declared Memorial Day a national federal holiday in 1971.

Observances around the country and in Washington are planned for the day. President Donald Trump will participate in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery.

Memorial Day began in 1865, just after the end of the Civil War. For more than 50 years, the holiday only remembered those killed in the Civil War. It was not until America's entry into World War One that the tradition was expanded to include those killed in all wars.

On Sunday, the event known as Rolling Thunder, involving thousands of war veterans and others on motorcycles, rolled into Washington as they do every year, passing the monuments on the National Mall, to honor U.S. soldiers missing in action in foreign wars.

美朝官员为可能举行的“川金会”进行磋商

美国与朝鲜官员周一在非军事区再次会面，商讨美国总统川普与朝鲜领导人金正恩可能举行峰会的相关事宜。

川普总统上周四宣布峰会取消，但随即在周五表示原定6月12日在新加坡举行的峰会仍有可能如期举行。

川普总统周日在推特上发文说：“我真的相信朝鲜有着巨大的潜力，有朝一日能够成为一个经贸与金融大国。金正恩在这一点上与我有共识。那一天会到来的。”

金正恩周六出人预料地与韩国总统文在寅会面后，文在寅表示金正恩仍然承诺朝鲜半岛“完全无核化”，但他拒绝明确这个词的具体含义，暗示了美国与朝鲜之间可能面临的艰难磋商。

美国呼吁“完全、可核实以及不可逆转地”拆除平壤的核武库，但朝鲜已经拒绝单边去核并且呼吁整个朝鲜半岛实现无核化。

一些美国官员对于美朝会谈能否使朝鲜终止其核项目保持怀疑。

US, North Korea Officials Negotiating on Possible Trump-Kim Summit

U.S. and North Korean officials met again Monday at the demilitarized zone to talk about a possible summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jung Un.

After calling off the talks Thursday, Trump said the June 12 summit in Singapore may very well take place as scheduled.

"I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial nation one day," Trump said Sunday on Twitter. "Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen."

After a surprise meeting Saturday between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in, the Seoul leader said Kim is still committed to the "complete denuclearization" of the Korean peninsula, but he declined to define the phrase, suggesting that difficult negotiations lie ahead between the U.S. and North Korea.

The U.S. has called for "complete, verifiable and irreversible" dismantling of the Pyongyang's nuclear arsenal, but North Korea has rejected unilateral disarmament and called for denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.

Some U.S. officials remain skeptical that the U.S.-North Korean talks would lead to the end of the North's nuclear program.