法庭恢复因索契兴奋剂事件被制裁的俄罗斯运动员的参赛成绩

国际体育仲裁法庭星期四做出裁决，支持28名俄罗斯运动员的上诉请求，这些运动员因被控在2014年索契奥运会上与兴奋剂阴谋有关而遭到国际奥委会的惩罚。

体育仲裁法庭星期四说，没有足够证据显示，这些运动员有兴奋剂违规，法庭废除了针对他们的惩罚，重新确立他们在2014年运动会上取得的成绩。

国际奥委会在裁决下达后表示，上诉获胜的28名运动员将不会受邀参加本月韩国冬奥会。国际奥委会在声明中说：“未遭惩罚并非自动享有受邀权。”

声明还对法庭裁决表示遗憾，表示“此举可能严重影响未来打击兴奋剂的努力”。

克里姆林宫发言人佩西科夫欢迎体育仲裁庭的裁决，并说俄罗斯将继续维护其运动员的权利。

Court Reinstates Russian Athletes Banned For Sochi Doping

The Court of Arbitration for Sport has upheld appeals by 28 Russian athletes who were sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee for an alleged doping scheme at the 2014 Olympics in Sochi.

The CAS said Thursday there was insufficient evidence that the athletes committed doping violations. It annulled the sanctions against them and reinstated their results from the 2014 games.

The IOC said after the ruling that the 28 athletes who won their appeals would not be invited to participate in this month's Olympics in South Korea. "Not being sanctioned does not automatically confer the privilege of an invitation," the IOC said in a statement.

It further expressed regret at the court's decision, saying it "may have a serious impact on the future fight against doping."

Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov welcomed the CAS decision and said Russia would continue to stand up for the rights of its athletes.
缅甸当局拒绝两名路透社记者保释

缅甸一家法院星期四拒绝两名路透社记者保释。这两名记者因违反缅甸殖民时代的“官方机密法”被逮捕。

路透社记者瓦龙和觉梭12月12日被捕。此前，两名警察在仰光的一家餐馆向他们转交了一叠文件。这两名记者当时正在报道发生在若开邦的残酷军事行动。缅甸军方的行动致使近70万罗兴亚穆斯林逃到邻国孟加拉国。

根据缅甸的官方机密法，如果瓦龙和觉梭被定罪，将面临14年囚禁。缅甸的官方机密法1923年实施，当时缅甸受英国的统治。

路透社总裁兼总编阿德勒发表声明，对两名记者被持续关押表示失望。声明说，“我们相信法庭的审理将展示瓦龙和觉梭是无辜的，让他们返回工作，报道缅甸的新闻。我们继续呼吁立即释放他们。”

Two Reuters Journalists Jailed in Myanmar Denied Bail

Two Reuters journalists arrested in Myanmar for violating the country's colonial-era Official Secrets Act were denied bail during a court appearance Thursday.

Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were arrested on December 12 after they were handed a stack of documents by two policemen at a restaurant in Yangon. The pair were covering the brutal military campaign in Rakhine state that has driven nearly 700,000 Rohingya Muslims across the border into Bangladesh.
Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo face 14 years in prison if they are convicted under the law, which dates back to 1923 when Myanmar was ruled by Britain.
Stephen J. Adler, Reuters president and editor-in-chief, issued a statement expressing his disappointment over the pair's continued imprisonment. "We believe the court proceedings will demonstrate their innocence and Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo will be able to return to their jobs reporting on events in Myanmar," Adler wrote. "We continue to call for their prompt release."