川普总统：美国没有与中国打贸易战

美国总统川普星期三说，美国没有与中国打贸易战。北京此前宣布计划对总额500亿美元的美国产品增收关税，作为对美国早些时候宣布对类似额度中国产品增收关税的回应。

川普总统星期三在推特上发文说：“我们没有和中国打贸易战。贸易战好多年前就被那些愚蠢、不称职的当时代表美国的人输掉了。我们现在有每年5000亿美元的贸易逆差，对知识产权的盗窃还有3000亿美元的损失。我们不能允许这种状况继续下去！”

白宫首席经济顾问拉里·库德洛（Larry Kudlow）星期三对彭博新闻社说：“所有关税都还没有开始征收，都还是建议。”

美国商务部长罗斯对CNBC电视台说：“即便是动枪动炮的战争，也都是以谈判告终。所以，这一切都以某种谈判的形式结束不会令人意外。”

本周以来，美国和中国相继宣布了报复性措施。中国星期一针对川普政府早些时候宣布对钢铝增收关税做出回应，对美国的128宗产品征收最高为25%的关税，包括水果、坚果、猪肉、葡萄酒以及钢铝产品。

同一天晚些时候，美国贸易代表办公室提出对1300种中国进口商品增收关税，其中主要是航天、医药和信息产业产品。

中国不到12个小时做出回应，宣布计划对106种美国产品征收25%的报复性关税，主要是具有政治敏感性的美国大豆、汽车和飞机。

Trump: US not in a Trade War with China

President Donald Trump said Wednesday the United States is not in a trade war with China, after Beijing announced plans to impose tariffs on $50 billion worth of U.S. goods in response to a similar package announced by the United States.

In a Twitter post Wednesday, Trump contended, "We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S.” He added, “Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!"

On the same day, White House chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow told Bloomberg News, “None of the tariffs have been put in place yet, and these are all proposals.”

Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC, "Even shooting wars end with negotiations. ... So it wouldn't be surprising at all if the net outcome of all this is some sort of negotiation."

Since the start of this week, the United States and China have been engaging in a tit-for-tat trade spat. On Monday, in response to earlier tariffs on steel and aluminum imposed by the Trump administration, China started tariffs of up to 25 percent on 128 U.S. products, including fruits, nuts, pork, wine, steel and aluminum.

Later on the same day, the U.S. Trade Representatives (USTR) proposed to increase tariffs on 1,300 imported goods from China, mostly aerospace, medical and information technology products.

Less than 12 hours later, China announced it plans to impose retaliatory duties of 25 percent on 106 politically sensitive American goods, including soybeans, automobiles and aircraft.

立陶宛称俄罗斯军演实是直接的军事威胁

立陶宛外交部长说，俄罗斯在波罗的海北约成员国领海附近进行实弹演习是以例行海军演习掩盖的直接军事威胁。

俄罗斯星期三开始进行导弹发射演习，引起拉脱维亚的警觉。北约成员拉脱维亚说，俄罗斯的空中和海上实弹演习迫使该国关闭部分民航空域，并迫使邻国瑞典的空中和海上交通改道。

立陶宛外交部长利纳斯·林克维丘斯（Linas Linkevicius）星期三对美国之音俄罗斯语组说：“他们总是这样做。”他是指俄罗斯4年前4月在波罗的海举行的海军演习。演习的30天期间，俄罗斯小型海军炮火进行了28天实弹射击。

上星期，美国和包括三个巴尔干国家在内的20多个国家一起驱逐了150多名俄罗斯外交部官，显示在前俄罗斯间谍在英国被毒杀的问题上各国立场一致。

俄罗斯开始演习的一天前，美国总统川普接待了爱沙尼亚、拉脱维亚和立陶宛三国的总统。美国欧洲司令部司令斯卡帕洛蒂上将前一天还对拉脱维亚进行了一天的访问。

Lithuanian Calls Russia’s Military Drills a Direct Military Threat

Lithuania's top diplomat said Russia's live-fire military exercises adjacent to NATO territorial waters of the Baltic Sea are a direct military threat in the guise of routine naval drills.

Russia on Wednesday began the three days of missile tests to the alarm of Latvia, in particular, a NATO member who says the air-and-sea target practice with live munitions forced it to partly shut down civilian airspace and caused neighboring Sweden to reroute air and maritime traffic.

"They do it all the time," Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevičius told VOA's Russian Service on Wednesday, referring to Russia's Baltic Sea naval drills that were held four years ago this month, in which smaller naval artillery was tested for all but two of 30 days.

Last week, the U.S. and more than two dozen countries, including the three Baltic states, collectively expelled more than 150 Russian diplomats in a show of solidarity over the poisoning of a former Russia spy in Britain.

The latest Russian naval drills come a day after President Donald Trump hosted the presidents of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, preceded by one day a visit to Latvia by U.S. Army Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti, commander of U.S. military forces in Europe.