谷歌因垄断指控被欧盟罚款50亿美元

周三，欧盟反垄断监管机构以谷歌非法利用其安卓智能手机系统的强大市场份额而对谷歌罚款50亿美元。

欧盟反垄断监管机构做出的断定是，谷歌的安卓系统是全球80％以上智能手机的操作系统，谷歌滥用这一主导地位来推广自己的应用和服务，特别是该公司的搜索引擎。

监管机构要求谷歌在90天内终止这一被认为是非法的做法，否则将面临更多处罚。谷歌可以对此提出上诉。

这一决定是周三在布鲁塞尔的一次会议上做出的。

EU Regulator Fines Google More than $5 Billion

The European Union's antitrust regulator fined Google a record $5 billion dollars Wednesday for illegally exploiting the powerful market share position of its Android smartphone system.

The EU antitrust regulator concluded that Google, whose Android system operates more than 80-percent of the world's smartphones, abused its dominant position to promote its own apps and services, especially the company's search engine.

The regulator ordered Google to end the illegal practices within 90 days or face more penalties. Google can appeal the decision.

The decision was made Wednesday in a meeting in Brussels.

亿万富翁投资3000万美元向阿兹海默症开战

美国微软公司联合创始人和慈善家比尔·盖茨加入其它亿万富翁向阿兹海默症开战。

盖茨、莱纳德·兰黛、杜比家族以及查尔斯和海伦施瓦布基金会承诺今后3年提供3000万美元用于鼓励开发早期诊断阿兹海默症的新试验。

盖茨去年11月向“痴呆症关怀基金”注资5000万美元。这是一个联合产业和政府力量的风险投资基金，目的是寻求治疗造成脑萎缩的阿兹海默症。

阿兹海默症是一种最常见的痴呆症，全球有将近5000万患者。阿兹海默症侵蚀患者的记忆、身体活动功能以及过正常生活的能力。

随着美国人口老化，阿兹海默症预计在2050年之前将影响1380万人。

“痴呆症关怀基金”向全世界科学家和参与科研的临床医生以及慈善组织和生物技术公司提供资金帮助。

Billionaires to Invest $30 Million in Alzheimer's Research

Microsoft co-founder and philanthropist Bill Gates has joined with fellow billionaires to take on Alzheimer's disease.

Gates, along with Leonard Lauder, the Dolby family, and the Charles and Helen Schwab Foundation are committing more than $30 million over the next three years to encourage development of new tests for early detection of Alzheimer's disease.

Last November, Gates invested $50 million in the Dementia Discovery Fund, a venture capital fund that brings together industry and government to seek treatments for the brain-wasting disease.

The most common form of dementia, Alzheimer's disease, affects nearly 50 million people worldwide. Alzheimer's erodes memory, motor functions and a patient's ability to live a normal life.

As the U.S. population ages, the disease is expected to afflict more than 13.8 million Americans by 2050.

The funds will be available to scientists and clinicians working in academic settings around the world, charities and biotechnology companies.