驾驶员失误和霜冻的感应器导致俄罗斯客机坠毁

调查人员说，飞行员失误和传感器失灵很可能是一架喷气式客机在俄罗斯失事的原因，机上71人无一生还。

俄罗斯国际航空委员会对坠毁的安-148客机的飞行记录器进行分析之后说，飞机星期天在莫斯科附近坠毁之前，飞行员在驾驶舱的两个飞行速度仪表显示出不一样的数据。

国际航空委员会说，仪表显示错误是因为飞行员在起飞前没有开启加热装置。

据报道，这家客机的飞行员在起飞前决定不化霜。这个程序可由飞行人员根据天气状况自行决定。

俄罗斯国际航空委员会说，他们仍在继续分析有关数据，但是飞行速度仪表显示错误数据可能是导致发生“特殊情况”的一个诱因。

该委员会还说，造成仪表显示错误的原因是加热器没有开启，从而造成压力测试仪结冰所致。

萨拉托夫航空公司的安-148客机星期天从莫斯科的多莫杰多沃机场起飞，前往奥尔斯克，但是在莫斯科东南方向64公里处坠毁。

Pilot Error, Iced Sensors Blamed for Russia Plane Crash

Pilot error as well as malfunctioning sensors likely caused a passenger jet to crash in Russia, killing all 71 people on board, investigators say.

After studying An-148’s flight data recorder, the Interstate Aviation Committee said that Sunday’s crash near Moscow occurred after the pilots saw varying data on the plane’s two air speed indicators.

The flawed readings came because the pilots failed to turn on a heating unit before the takeoff, the committee said.

The plane’s captain reportedly didn’t want to defrost the aircraft before flying. The procedure is optional and the crew's decision is based mainly on the weather conditions.

The committee said it is continuing to study the data, but noted that "erroneous data on the pilots' speed indicators may have been a factor that triggered the special flight situation.”

It said the flawed speed data resulted from the "icing of pressure measurement instruments that had their heating systems turned off."

The Saratov Airlines Antonov An-148 took off Sunday from Moscow’s Domodedovo airport for a flight to the city of Orsk and went down in a field about 64 kilometers southeast of the capital.

南非警察突击搜查与祖马关系密切的富有家族住宅

南非警察搜查了与身陷丑闻的祖马总统有关联的一个富有家族的住宅。预计祖马星期三晚些时候要宣布他是否会遵从他所属的非国大要他辞职的要求。

南非国营广播电台SABC说，南非有“飞鹰”之称的精锐反腐警察星期三清晨在约翰内斯堡搜查了古普塔家族的住宅，有一人被逮捕。

古普塔家族被指称利用与祖马总统的友谊控制政府内的任命和联络。

有关古普塔家族和祖马总统的指称导致非国大正式要求已执政9年，今年75岁的祖马下台。对祖马的指称包括他用了2000万美元公款修缮他的私人庄园。

South African Police Raid Home of Wealthy Family Linked to Zuma

Police in South Africa have raided the home of a wealthy family linked to embattled President Jacob Zuma, who is expected to announce later Wednesday whether he will comply with his party's demand that he resign.

State broadcaster SABC says one person has been arrested in the early morning raid on the Johannesburg home of the Gupta family by an elite anti-corruption police unit dubbed the Hawks.

The Gupta family has been accused of using their friendship with Zuma to control state appointments and contacts.

The allegations surrounding the Gupta family and the president prompted leaders of the African National Congress to formally demand the 75-year-old leader step down after nine scandal-plagued years in office. The many allegations levied against Zuma include charges that he used some $20 million in public funds for improvements at his private estate.