越境移民抵达美墨边境，等候时间漫长

数百名中美洲移民在历经一个月的跋涉之后于星期三抵达墨西哥边境城市蒂华纳，希望进入美国。

目前在蒂华纳有大约800名移民，许多人说他们将留在那里等待移民大军的其余人到达，并且等候领头者告诉他们寻求美国庇护有哪些选择。一些早到的人去边境护栏前庆祝。

这支大约4,000人的移民队伍大多数来自洪都拉斯，他们正在穿越墨西哥的索诺拉州，预计将在几天内抵达蒂华纳。

连接蒂华纳和美国圣地亚哥市的圣伊西德罗是边境上最繁忙的过境点。但它每天只处理大约100份庇护申请，这意味着那些寻求从这里进入美国的移民将面临漫长的等待。

蒂华纳也可能会受到那里的移民避难所已经或几近饱和的压力。

美国海关和边境保护局周一宣布，正在关闭圣伊西德罗过境点和附近另一处过境点的一些车道，以便设立额外的安全防护以应对移民大军，并为可能带来的安全风险做准备。 这些防护措施包括路障、围栏、高墙和螺旋铁丝网。

美国总统特朗普对移民大军的行动提出严厉批评，将其视为“国家紧急状态”。他周六签署了一项公告，宣布非法入境的移民不符合接受庇护资格。特朗普还向美墨边境派遣了数千名士兵，以支援边境巡逻人员。

Migrants Reach US-Mexico Border, Likely Face Long Wait

Several hundred Central American migrants arrived Wednesday in the Mexican border city of Tijuana after a month of traveling in hopes of entering the United States.

About 800 migrants are now in Tijuana, and many said they would stay there and wait for the rest of their caravan to arrive and for leaders to advise them on their options for seeking U.S. asylum. Some of the early arrivals went to the border fence to celebrate.

The bulk of the migrant group, about 4,000 people mostly from Honduras, is making its way through the state of Sonora and is expected to arrive in Tijuana in a few days.

The San Ysidro port linking Tijuana to the U.S. city of San Diego, is the busiest crossing on the border. But it only processes about 100 asylum claims per day, meaning those in the caravan who seek that route face a long wait.

Tijuana could also feel the strain with migrant shelters there already at or near capacity.

The U.S. Customs and Border Protection announced Monday it was closing some vehicle lanes at the San Ysidro crossing and the nearby Otay Mesa crossing in order to install additional security “in preparation for the migrant caravan and the potential safety and security risk that it could cause.” Those measures include barricades, fencing, jersey walls and concertina wire.

U.S. President Donald Trump has sharply criticized the caravans, casting them as a “national emergency.” On Saturday, he signed a proclamation declaring migrants who enter the country illegally ineligible for asylum. That goes against laws that state anyone is eligible for asylum no matter how they entered the country.

Trump has also ordered thousands of troops to the U.S.-Mexico border to support border patrol agents.

彭斯对朝鲜：现在我们需要看到结果

美国副总统彭斯周四表示，美国总统特朗普与朝鲜领导人金正恩之间的第二次峰会必须有结果，就是一份详细的朝鲜核武器试验场所清单。

彭斯在接受美国全国广播公司新闻采访时表示，特朗普与金正恩的峰会暂定于明年年初举行，届时必须达成一项“可核查的计划”，公布这些和实验场所。

彭斯说，“我认为，在下次首脑会议上，我们必须达成一项计划，确定所有有关武器，确定所有研发地点，并允许对这些地点以及拆除核武器的计划进行核查。”

彭斯补充说，“现在我们需要看到结果。”但他表示，美国不会要求平壤在峰会前交出这份单。这被广泛视为朝鲜为显示其对放弃核武库的认真态度可以采取的第一步。

彭斯的声明也许是自六月份特朗普与金正恩在新加坡举行首次历史性峰会以来，特朗普政府对朝鲜公开提出的最具体的要求。

在那次峰会上，双方同意努力实现朝鲜半岛无核化，并改善华盛顿与平壤之间的关系。自那以后，核谈判一直停滞不前。

最近，美国国务卿蓬佩奥与朝鲜高级官员之间的原定会议被取消，没有给出理由。

不过特朗普总统一直公开保持乐观态度，他在新加坡峰会后不久宣布“不再有来自朝鲜的核威胁”。

特朗普总统上周表示，他对谈判的进展情况“非常满意”。他说：“我们认为情况很好。我们不必着急。”

Pence on North Korea: 'Now We Need to See Results'

The proposed second summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un must result in a detailed list of North Korean nuclear weapons sites, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said Thursday.

In an interview with NBC News, Pence said the second Trump-Kim summit, tentatively scheduled for sometime early next year, will be where a "verifiable plan" to disclose the nuclear sites must be reached.

“I think it will be absolutely imperative in this next summit that we come away with a plan for identifying all of the weapons in question, identifying all the development sites, allowing for inspections of the sites and the plan for dismantling nuclear weapons,” Pence said.

"Now we need to see results," Pence added. But he said the U.S. will not demand that Pyongyang hand over such a list before the summit. Such a list is widely seen as the first step North Korea could take to show it is serious about giving up its nuclear arsenal.

Pence's statement is perhaps the most specific public demand that the Trump administration has made of North Korea since Trump and Kim held a historic first summit in Singapore in June.

At that summit both sides agreed to work toward the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and to improve ties between Washington and Pyongyang. Nuclear talks have stalled since then.

Most recently, a planned meeting between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and a senior North Korean official was canceled, with no reason given.

But Trump has remained publicly optimistic, declaring shortly after the Singapore summit that "there is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea."

Last week Trump said he is "very happy" with how the negotiations are going.

"We think it’s going fine. We’re in no rush. We’re in no hurry," Trump said.