津巴布韦将举行后穆加贝时期首次大选

津巴布韦总统埃默森·姆南加古瓦表示，津巴布韦将于4到5个月内举行长期统治者穆加贝下台后的首次总统选举。

据国营的津巴布韦《先驱报》消息，姆南加古瓦星期三（1月17日）在对邻国莫桑比克进行正式访问期间做出上述承诺。

这位津巴布韦领导人承诺举行自由、公正的选举，确保津巴布韦“作为一个合格的民主国家跟世界接触”。预计选举将于7月或8月举行。

统治津巴布韦37年、93岁的穆加贝去年11月在压力下被迫辞去总统职务，在那之前军方果断行动解除了穆加贝的职务，他还失去了他所在的执政党非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线内议员的支持。

穆加贝长期统治期间，津巴布韦的选举受到操纵选票和暴力的玷污。

Zimbabwe To Hold First Post-Mugabe Elections

President Emmerson Mnangagwa of Zimbabwe says the country will hold elections in four to five months, the first since the ouster of longtime ruler Robert Mugabe.

Mnangagwa made the pledge Wednesday during an official trip to neighboring Mozambique, according to a report in the state-owned Herald newspaper.

The Zimbabwean leader pledged to ensure free and fair elections to ensure Zimbabwe "engages the world as a qualified democratic state." Elections had been expected to be held in either July or August.

The 93-year-old Mugabe ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years before he was forced to resign under pressure last November after he was removed from power in a shock move by the military and lost support of lawmakers in his ruling ZANU-PF party.

During Mugabe's long rule, elections in Zimbabwe were marred by vote rigging and violence.

黑利：巴勒斯坦不认真对待和平进程

美国驻联合国大使黑利星期三表示，巴勒斯坦权力机构不认真对待中东和平进程，并警告说，如果他们不采取行动参与谈判，美国未来可能会停止提供有关经费。

她在接受美国之音专访的时候说：“我们不会奖励不当行为。”

美国总统川普2017年12月6日决定承认耶路撒冷是以色列首都，并将美国大使馆迁到那里。之后，巴勒斯坦权力机构主席阿巴斯说，美国不能再担当调停者的角色。

星期二，美国国务院宣布，原定2018年拨付给联合国近东巴勒斯坦难民救济和工程处(UNRWA)的1亿2千5百万美元中的6500万美元将暂时不予支付。

美国去年向这个联合国机构提供了3亿6400万美元的经费，是该机构最大的捐助者。

Haley: Palestinians Not Serious' About Peace

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Wednesday the Palestinian Authority is "not serious" about the peace process and threatened to withhold future funding if they do not move toward talks.

"We are not going to reward bad behavior," Haley said during an exclusive interview with VOA.

Following President Donald Trump's December 6 decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the U.S. embassy there, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said the U.S. could no longer be a mediator.

On Tuesday, the State Department announced that it is withholding $65 million dollars from its initial 2018 contribution of $125 million to the U.N. agency that supports Palestinian refugees, known as UNRWA.

Last year, Washington contributed $364 million to UNRWA, making it the agency's top donor.