特朗普：伊朗必须“改变调门”才会有双边会谈

美国总统唐纳德特朗普表示，伊朗领导人必须“改变态度”后才会有任何双边会谈，过他期待着在未来建立良好的关系。

特朗普在联合国大会上向世界各国领导人讲话前不久对记者发表了讲话。

美国国务卿蓬佩奥曾表示，特朗普政府“正在努力让伊朗像一个正常国家一样行事”，“停止作为世界上最大的支持恐怖主义的国家”。

美国驻联合国大使黑莉经常谴责德黑兰在叙利亚和也门发挥破坏地区稳定作用，并支持哈马斯和真主党等激进组织。

今年早些时候，特朗普宣布美国退出前总统奥巴马试图结束伊朗的核武器计划而在2015年签署的协议，并重新对德黑兰实施单方面制裁。到今年 11月，与伊朗开展业务的公司将不得不停止，否则将有被美国金融系统拒之门外的风险。华盛顿希望迫使德黑兰重回谈判桌，达成一个更广泛的新协议。

美国恰好也在本月担任联合国安理会轮值主席国，特朗普总统将利用这个机会于周三主持一次有关核不扩散的会议。预计他将主要谈论伊朗问题。

伊朗总统鲁哈尼也出席了本周的大会，但基本没有可能与特朗普总统会面。特朗普周二在推特上表示，“尽管有这些要求，我还没有计划会见伊朗总统鲁哈尼。也许等到将来某一天。我相信他是一个非常可爱的人！”

预计鲁哈尼将在特朗普发表讲话后的几个小时内以及周三的新闻发布会上对特朗普总统的批评提出反驳。

Trump: Iran Must 'Change Its Tune' Before Bilateral Talks

U.S. President Donald Trump says Iranian leaders must "change their tune" before any bilateral talks but he looks forward to having a great relationship in the future.

Trump spoke to reporters shortly before he addressed world leaders at the U.N. General Assembly.

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has said the Trump administration is “working to get Iran to behave like a normal nation” and “stop being the world’s largest state sponsor of terror.”

U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley regularly castigates Tehran for its destabilizing role in Syria and Yemen and its support for militant groups Hamas and Hezbollah.

Earlier this year, Trump announced the United States was withdrawing from the Obama-era 2015 deal to end Iran’s nuclear weapons program and re-imposing unilateral sanctions on Tehran. In November, companies doing business with Iran will have to stop or risk being shut out of the U.S. financial system. Washington wants to pressure Tehran back to the negotiating table for a new, broader deal.

The United States also happens to hold the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council this month and is using the opportunity for Trump to chair a meeting Wednesday on nonproliferation. Expect him to talk a lot about Iran.

While Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is also attending this week's General Assembly, a meeting between the two leaders is highly unlikely. Trump said on Twitter Tuesday that "Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!"

Rouhani is expected to counter any criticism from Trump during his own address to the assembly hours after Trump's speech, and at a news conference on Wednesday.

中国不打算与美国就解决贸易争端进行新的谈判

中国表示，在新一轮关税开始实施的情况下不可能与美国进行贸易谈判。

美国从周一开始对价值2000亿美元的中国商品征收关税，北京则对价值600亿美元的美国商品征收报复性关税。

中国商务部副部长王守文周二在北京对记者发问说，如果特朗普政府现在采取这种“大规模限制”，就像“刀架在脖子上”，怎么能够继续进行任何谈判？王守文今年8月率领中国代表团到华盛顿参加了双方最后一轮会谈。

美国的新关税涉及数千种中国制造的产品，包括电子产品、食品、工具和家庭用品。新关税税率从10％开始，然后在2019年1月1日升至25％。而中国新征关税的美国产品包括液化天然气。

经济学家预测说，每种世界两大经济体之间的贸易争端可能会导致全球经济在2020年前放缓。

China Rules Out New Talks with US to Resolve Trade Dispute

China says it is impossible to hold trade talks with the United States with a new round of tariffs in place.

U.S. imposed duties on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods, and a retaliatory set of tariffs imposed by Beijing on $60 billion worth of U.S. goods, took effect on Monday.

Chinese vice commerce minister Wang Shouwen asked reporters in Beijing Tuesday how can any talks proceed now that the Trump administration has adopted such "large-scale restrictions," which he said is like "holding a knife to someone's throat." Wang led a Chinese delegation to Washington for the last round of talks between the two sides in August.

The new U.S. duties covers thousands of Chinese-made products, including including electronics, food, tools and housewares. The new tariffs begin at 10 percent, then will rise to 25 percent on January 1, 2019. Among the items included in the new Chinese tariffs on U.S. products are liquefied natural gas.

Economic forecasters say the trade spat between the world's two biggest economies could slow the global economy through 2020.