专家：全球水河流已被处方药和非处方药污染

一些专家说，全世界河流和淡水系统受到处方药和非处方药的严重污染，影响到环境和野生动物。

星期二在维也纳开会的科学家们说，如果听之任之，这个问题的严重性到2050年将增长65%。

这些药物包括止痛药、激素、抗抑郁药和抗组胺药。

这些药物只有很少一部分在水处理过程中滤除或由生态系统吸收，大部分随人畜的排泄物进入水系统。

药物导致鱼和两栖动物的性别发生变化，有一种消炎药导致印度的一种秃鹫几乎灭绝。

联合国专家说，环境中的各种药物还导致抗药细菌的生成。

Prescription and Over-The-Counter Drugs are Polluting the World's Rivers, Experts Say

The world's rivers and fresh water systems are full of pollution from prescription and over-the-counter drugs and it is taking a toll on the environment and wildlife, experts say.

Scientists meeting Tuesday in Vienna say if no action is taken, the problem will increase by 65% by 2050.

The drugs include painkillers, hormones, anti-depressants and antihistamines.

Much of it ends up in the waters through human and animal waste because only small amounts are filtered out in treatment plants or absorbed into the ecosystem.

The drugs have caused sex charges in fish and amphibians and one type of anti-inflammatory drug has driven vultures in India close to extinction.

UN experts have also said medicines in the environment are helping create drug-resistant bacteria.

川普取消限制乍得公民入境美国的禁令

美国总统川普取消了对乍得公民入境美国的禁令。乍得是美国严格限制公民入境的大多为穆斯林国家的8个国家之一。

白宫说，乍得改善了身份识别的管理以及信息共享程序。这意味着乍得满足了美国的基本安全要求。

根据川普总统的建议，乍得和伊朗、利比亚、朝鲜、索马里、叙利亚和也门等国家的公民除特殊情况外禁止进入美国。

不过，乍得被列入旅行禁令让很多分析人士感到不解。乍得政府一直是美国打击恐怖主义的关键盟友之一。

Trump Lifts Travel Ban on Chad

President Donald Trump has lifted the travel ban on Chad, one of eight mostly Muslim majority nations whose citizens are generally barred from traveling to the U.S.

The White House cited what it calls improvements in Chad's "identity management and information sharing protocols and procedures," meaning the country again meets basic U.S. security standards.

Chad was named in the president's most recent travel ban, along with Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria and Yemen.

But its inclusion on the travel ban list puzzled many analysts, who pointed out that its government has been a key U.S. ally in the fight against terrorism.