朝鲜未显示任何去核迹象

美国总统川普宣称朝鲜不再构成核威胁一星期后，美国军方高官警告说，没有任何新的迹象显示朝鲜在进行去核。

美国国防部长马蒂斯星期三在五角大楼对记者说：“我不了解有这样的行动。”他还说：“目前我也没有这样的预期。（我们）处于这个进程的开端。详细的谈判还没有开始。”

川普总统在新加坡与朝鲜领导人金正恩举行峰会之后于6月13号宣称，朝鲜的核威胁已经结束。

川普总统从新加坡返回美国后在推特上发文说：“所有人都能感到现在比我刚上任时要更安全。已经不再有朝鲜的核威胁。与金正恩会面是一次有趣和非常积极的经历。朝鲜将来有巨大的潜力！”

不过一天之后，美国国务卿蓬佩奥警告说，在美国能够核查平壤彻底去核之前，严厉的制裁仍将继续。

蓬佩奥曾表示，他预计很快还将访问朝鲜，敲定美国和朝鲜达成协议的细节。根据这一协议，川普总统承诺停止美韩联合军演。

韩国官员本星期说，他们同意取消原定8月与美国联合举行的自由卫士军演。

No Signs Yet of North Korean Denuclearization

A week after U.S. President Donald Trump proclaimed North Korea no longer posed a nuclear threat, his top military official cautioned there are no new signs Pyongyang is doing anything to denuclearize.

"I'm not aware of it," U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters Wednesday at the Pentagon. "I wouldn't expect that at this point," he added. "[We're] obviously at the very front end of the process. The detailed negotiations have not begun."

Trump declared the threat of a nuclear North Korea had ended June 13, following his summit in Singapore with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

"Everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office," Trump tweeted upon returning to the U.S. "There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!"

But a day later, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo warned tough sanctions would remain in place until the U.S. can verify Pyongyang's "complete denuclearization."

Pompeo has said he expects to return to North Korea in the near future to hammer out details of the U.S. deal with Pyongyang. As part of that agreement, President Trump has pledged to end U.S. and South Korea "war games."

South Korean officials this week said they had agreed to suspend the annual Freedom Guardian exercise with the U.S., originally scheduled to take place in August.

川普总统要求军方协助安置被羁押非法移民

美国军方正在准备为试图从美国西南边界非法入境而被羁押的成年人及其子女提供住处。

川普总统星期三签署的政令要求美国国防部长采取一切法律允许的措施，为这些非法移民提供住处，或利用现有设施，或如有必要也可建造新设施。

国防部长马蒂斯星期三在五角大楼会见德国国防部长前告诉记者说：“我们支持国土安全部。由他们牵头，我们配合。”

目前正在考虑使用军方在德克萨斯州的3处设施和阿肯色州的1处设施安置在边界拘留的儿童。

美国国防部说，如果使用这些设施，军方不负责提供安全和其它服务。

马蒂斯部长说，这不是军方第一次接到为平民提供住处的请求。

Trump Asks Military to Help House Detained Illegal Immigrants

The United States military is prepared to provide housing for men, women and children detained for trying to enter the country illegally along the country's southwestern border.

The executive order signed by President Donald Trump Wednesday calls for the U.S. secretary of defense to "take all legally available measures" to provide housing for the immigrants either at existing facilities, and to construct new facilities if needed.

"We support DHS [Department of Homeland Security]," Mattis told reporters earlier in the day, prior to a meeting at the Pentagon with the German defense minister. "This is their lead," he added "We'll respond if requested."

Already, four military installation, three in Texas and one in Arkansas -- are being considered as possible locations to house children detained at the border.

Pentagon officials say that if the sites are used, the military would not be responsible for providing security or other services.

Mattis noted this would not be the first time the military has been asked to help house civilians.