美加达成新贸易协定

美国和加拿大官员在自行规定的周日午夜期限之前，经过最后一分钟的紧张谈判与周日晚间宣布达成了一项贸易协议，使得与墨西哥达成一项修改后的三方协议取代了已有近四分之一世纪历史的旧北美自由贸易协定。

美 - 墨 - 加协议（USMCA）支撑1.2万亿美元的年度贸易额， 预计特朗普总统及加拿大和墨西哥首脑在60天内签署。

特朗普总统周一对“非常好的新贸易协议”表示欢迎，并称其为“解决北美自由贸易协定中许多缺陷和错误”的“三国之道”。

美国贸易代表莱特希泽和加拿大外交部长方慧兰在一份联合声明中说，“美 - 墨 - 加协议将为我们的工人、农民、牧场主和企业提供高标准的贸易协议，这将使我们地区有更自由的市场，更公平的贸易和强劲的经济增长，” “它将强化中产阶级，为将北美召回家园的近5亿人创造良好，高薪的工作和新机会。”

美国与渥太华的协议将促使美国进入加拿大乳制品市场，让加拿大在其受到严密保护的供应管理系统上做出一些让步，换取加拿大人免受可能的美国汽车关税的影响。

然而，华盛顿实施的钢铁和铝关税仍然存在。加拿大之前要求不受特朗普总统进口钢铁和铝的关税的影响。

一位美国高级官员表示，有关金属关税的谈判是“完全不同的”。

北美自由贸易协定中有关争议解决机制的第19章将保持不变。

加拿大总理特鲁多星期天晚上开完75分钟的内阁会议后离开时，只是说这是“加拿大的好日子”。

全美制造商协会宣布对新的三方协议的初步细节“深受鼓舞”。

该协会总裁兼首席执行官杰蒂蒙斯说，“当我们审查协议文本时，我们将寻求确保此协议能打开市场，提高标准，提供执法和现代化贸易规则，以便美国各地的制造商能够发展自己的经济，”他说，“特朗普政府致力于强有力地执行这项协议。”

一位美国高级官员告诉记者， “这不仅仅是纸上的文字，这是实打实的。”

New US-Canada Trade Pact Reached

After intense last-minute discussions ahead of a self-imposed midnight deadline, U.S. and Canadian officials announced late Sunday they reached a trade deal, allowing a modified three-way pact with Mexico to replace the nearly quarter-century old North American Free Trade Agreement.

The U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) — underpinning $1.2 trillion in annual trade — is expected to be signed in 60 days by President Donald Trump and his Canadian and Mexican counterparts.

Trump hailed the "wonderful new Trade Deal" on Monday and calling it a "great deal for all three countries" that "solves the many deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA."

“USMCA will give our workers, farmers, ranchers and businesses a high-standard trade agreement that will result in freer markets, fairer trade and robust economic growth in our region,” said U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland in a joint statement. “It will strengthen the middle class, and create good, well-paying jobs and new opportunities for the nearly half billion people who call North America home.”

The U.S. agreement with Ottawa will boost American access to Canada’s dairy market — with some concessions on its heavily protected supply management system — while shielding the Canadians from possible U.S. auto tariffs.

Steel and aluminum tariffs imposed by Washington, will remain, however. Canada had demanded protection from Trump’s tariffs on imported steel and aluminum.

The metal tariffs discussions are on a “completely separate track,” according to a senior U.S. official.

However, NAFTA's Chapter 19 dispute resolution system will remain intact.

Leaving a Sunday night 75-minute Cabinet meeting, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau only said it was “a good day for Canada.”

The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) in the United States declared itself “extremely encouraged” by initial details of the new three-way pact.

“As we review the agreement text, we will be looking to ensure that this deal opens markets, raises standards, provides enforcement and modernizes trade rules so that manufacturers across the United States can grow our economy,” said NAM President and Chief Executive Officer Jay Timmons.

“This administration is committed to strong and effective enforcement of this agreement,” a senior U.S. official told reporters. “This is not going to just be words on paper. This is real.”

印度尼西亚：地震遇难人数超过800，还会上升

印度尼西亚总统维多多已授权接受苏拉威西岛中部岛屿地震和海啸灾难的国际援助。

印度西亚投资协调委员会主席周一早上在推特宣布这一消息。

周一早些时候确认的死亡人数为844人，苏拉威西岛的帕卢市受灾最严重。

印尼官员表示，他们担心，随着救援人员开始能到达偏远地区，周五发生的地震和海啸造成的死亡人数可能会飙升至数千人。

当地机场几乎停运，大多数发电厂都无法工作，道路则破碎而翘曲。

印度尼西亚总统维多多周日视察帕卢时说，一个迫切需要是引进能搬运大块瓦砾的重型设备。

他对受灾者说，“我们没想到会像这样。我们为社区祈祷，并保持希望和耐心，”他说， “我们知道有很多事情要尽快做，但现在的状况是不可能的。”

他对部署到当地的士兵们说，做好夜以继日工作的准备。

帕卢的电视画面显示建筑物、汽车和树木被挤成一堆废墟。

这次7.5级的地震引发了一场巨大的海啸，海浪高达6米，淹没了帕卢和东加拉等城市。

有关当局说，当地震和海啸袭来时，数百人正在帕卢的海滩上参加一个节日活动，巨浪将许多人卷走。

印度尼西亚及其18,000个岛屿位于太平洋的“火环”沿线，经常遭遇地震、火山和海啸的袭击。

2004年苏门答腊岛发生9.1级地震，随后的海啸造成14个太平洋国家约23万人死亡，其中有大约一半死于印度尼西亚。

Indonesia: Death Toll of More Than 800 Likely to Rise

Indonesia's President Jokowi Widodo has authorized the acceptance of international help related to the earthquake and tsunami that hit the central island of Sulawesi.

Chair of Indonesia's Investment Coordinating Board Thomas Lembong made the announcement in a tweet Monday morning.

There were 844 confirmed deaths by early Monday, with the city of Palu on Sulawesi the hardest hit.

Indonesian officials say they fear the death toll from Friday's earthquake and tsunami could soar into the thousands when rescuers are able to get to remote areas.

The airport is barely functioning, most power plants have been knocked off-line, and roads are shattered and twisted.

Touring Palu Sunday, Indonesian President Joko Widodo said one of the immediate needs is to bring in the heavy equipment needed to move large pieces of rubble.

"We didn't expect it to be like this. So we hope and pray for the communities and be patient," he told disaster victims. "We know that there are a lot of things to do urgently, but the condition is not now possible."

He told soldiers deployed to the area to be ready to work nonstop.

Television pictures from Palu show buildings, cars and trees pushed together to form mounds of wreckage.

The 7.5-magnitude quake triggered a huge tsunami with waves as high as 6 meters, which inundated the cities of Palu and Donggala.

Authorities say hundreds of people were on the beach in Palu for a festival when the earthquake and tsunami struck, sweeping many away to their deaths when the giant waves arrived.

Indonesia and its 18,000 islands are located along the Pacific Ocean's "Ring of Fire" and are frequently struck by earthquake, volcano and tsunami activity.

A 9.1-magnitude quake in 2004 off Sumatra and subsequent tsunami killed about 230,000 people in 14 Pacific countries, with about half of those deaths occurring in Indonesia.