哈佛大学录取歧视诉讼即将完毕

在针对哈佛大学录取制度中存在歧视的诉讼案双方将进行最后的陈述。

终结辩论定于星期五开始。这一诉讼案重新开启了全美对平权法案的辩论。

“公平招生”组织的学生表示，哈佛大学对亚裔入学申请者有更高的要求标准，并通过“个人评级”对他们进行歧视。

哈佛则反驳说，种族是其考虑的众多因素之一，只能帮助申请人获得成功的机会。

这一案件的庭审已经持续了三个星期，双方都请来学者、政策专家以及现任和前任哈佛大学的员工来支持他们的观点。

联邦法官将对此案做出裁决，但预计不会立即裁决。 无论结果如何，预计（不利的一方）都将继续提出上诉。

Trial Coming to Close in Harvard Bias Lawsuit

Both sides get one last chance to make their cases in a trial alleging discrimination in Harvard University's admissions system.

Closing arguments are set to begin Friday in a lawsuit that has reignited a national debate over affirmative action.

The group Students for Fair Admissions says Harvard holds Asian-American applicants to a higher standard and discriminates against them through a "personal rating."

Harvard counters that race is one of many factors it considers and can only help an applicant's chances of getting in.

The trial has lasted three weeks with both sides calling on academics, policy experts and current and former Harvard employees to bolster their cases.

A federal judge will decide the case but is not expected to rule immediately. The case is expected to be appealed either way.

美国新增25万就业机会，薪资增长加快

美国企业上个月增加了25万个就业岗位，平均工资的增长也达到近10年来的最快速度，以吸引和留住员工。

劳工部每月就业报告将是11月6日中期选举前的最新主要经济数据，报告还显示失业率维持在五年来的低点3.7％。

新求职者的加入使得有工作的美国人比例达到2009年1月以来的最高水平。

消费者信心指数也是18年来最高的，他们的大量开支同时推动经济快速增长。 美国经济增长正进入第10个年头，这是有记录以来第二长的经济增长时期，10月份则是连续第100个月就业机会增加，创下纪录。

US Added 250,000 Jobs, Wage Growth Fastest Since 2009

U.S. employers added a stellar 250,000 jobs last month and boosted average pay by the most in nearly a decade in an effort to attract and keep workers.

The Labor Department's monthly jobs report, the last major economic data before the Nov. 6 election, also shows the unemployment rate remained at a five-decade low of 3.7 percent.

The influx of new job-seekers lifted the proportion of Americans with jobs to the highest level since January 2009.

Consumers are the most confident they have been in 18 years and are spending freely and propelling brisk economic growth. The U.S. economy is in its 10th year of expansion, the second-longest such period on record, and October marks the 100th straight month of hiring, a record streak.