副热带风暴阿尔伯托在佛罗里达登陆

2018年飓风季节的首个被命名的风暴“副热带风暴阿尔伯托”星期一下午在佛罗里达州拉古纳海滩附近登陆。

阿尔伯托携带着暴雨和阵发洪水侵袭了佛罗里达州的狭长地带。

风暴阿尔伯托的最高风速为每小时75公里。风暴预计将为佛罗里达、阿拉巴马和乔治亚州部分地区带来多达30厘米的降雨。

但是阿尔伯托可能是一场快速移动，过程很短的风暴。气象预报估计，这场风暴星期二下午向田纳西河谷移动时减弱为他们所称的“残留低气压”。

大西洋的飓风季节一般从6月1日持续到11月底。

专家们预计今年会有10到16个被命名的风暴，可能有多达九场风暴会发展成为飓风，其中包括多达四场严重飓风。

去年的飓风季节风暴罕见地频繁发生，飓风哈维、艾尔玛和玛利亚让波多黎各、休斯顿、德克萨斯和佛罗里达海湾沿岸遭受重大损失。

Subtropical Storm Alberto Makes Landfall in Florida

Subtropical storm Alberto, the first named storm of the 2018 hurricane season, made landfall Monday afternoon near Laguna Beach, Florida.

Alberto is bringing heavy rain and flash floods along parts of the Florida Panhandle.

Alberto's top winds are 75 kilometers per hour. The storm is expected to dump as much as 30 centimeters of rain on parts of Florida, Alabama and Georgia.

But Alberto is likely to be a fast-moving, short-lived storm. Forecasters predict it will denigrate into what they call a "remnant low" by the time it moves inland toward the Tennessee Valley Tuesday afternoon.

The Atlantic hurricane season lasts from June 1 until the end of November.

Experts predict 10 to 16 named storms this year with up to nine developing into hurricanes, including as many as four major hurricanes.

Last year was an exceptionally busy hurricane season, with Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria devastating Puerto Rico, Houston, Texas, and the Florida Gulf Coast.

对于川普来说，总有“更好的交易”可以谈

美国总统川普尽管上周四决定不与朝鲜领导人金正恩举行直接会谈，但他表示如果未来关系改善，他对谈判仍持开放态度。提出进行新的会谈是川普谈判模式的一部分。不过这种做法的结果好坏参半。

川普退出伊朗核协议时表示，他乐于谈判，愿意跟伊朗达成一个“更好的交易”。

他说：“他们会想要达成一个新的、永久的协议当他们要谈时，我已准备好，既乐于又能够奉陪。”

去年川普宣布退出巴黎气候协定时也有类似的评论。

当川普宣布美国退出跨太平洋伙伴关系自由贸易协议时，当他改变奥巴马政府改善与古巴关系的做法时，也是如此。

最近，川普宣布退出已经在计划中和朝鲜领导人金正恩的会谈时，他仍是如此。

这是典型的川普，作为一个房地产大亨，川普经常谈及离开谈判桌的价值。

但是适用于房地产的技巧，不一定适合复杂的国际谈判。

支持者说，川普是为美国人民等待一个更好的交易。但至此，不论是伊朗核协议、巴黎气候协定，还是TPP，都没有产生新的交易。

要判断这种技巧能否适用于朝鲜，还为时过早。

For Trump, There's Always an Imagined 'New Deal' on the Horizon

Though U.S. President Donald Trump decided Thursday to not hold direct talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, Trump has suggested he's open to talks down the road, if relations improve. That offer of new talks is part of a pattern for Trump when it comes to negotiations. And it's something that has had mixed results.

When Donald Trump pulled out of the Iran nuclear deal, he was quick to add that he'd love to renegotiate a, quote, "better deal" with the Iranians.
"They are going to want to make a new and lasting deal. When they do, I am ready, willing, and able."

Trump made similar comments when he withdrew from the Paris climate accord last year, when he pulled the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade deal, and when he reversed the Obama administration's warming of relations with Cuba.

Most recently, Trump said the same thing when he walked away from planned talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

It's classic Trump. As a real estate developer, Trump regularly talked up the value of walking away from the table.

But what works in real estate, doesn't necessarily work in complex international negotiations.

Supporters say Trump is just waiting for a better deal for the American people. But so far - whether it's Iran, the Paris climate accords, or the Trans-Pacific Partnership - no new deals have emerged.

It's too soon to say whether the tactic will work with North Korea.