中国为寻求改善与美国关系向华尔街求助

据知情人士透露，在周日北京举行的为期一天的会议上，中国将向华尔街公司寻求改善与美国关系的方法，以及如何开放其金融业的建议。

在美中世界两大经济体之间似乎正在走向全面贸易战之际，中国政府几周前为这一匆忙召开的会议发出了邀请。

一位消息人士称，两国顶级金融公司将派代表参加会议，但受邀者中包括黑石集团总裁苏世民等重量级人士由于日程无法重新安排而不出席这次会议。

这次会议将由前中国人民银行行长周小川和高盛前总裁约翰 • 桑顿主持。

路透社报道说，请柬上注明与会者还将在周日全天会议后于周一与中国国家副主席王岐山会面。

周小川和桑顿已经要求与会者提出一两个有关如何进一步开放中国金融业的具体想法，以及“为两国和全球利益建立正常的美中关系”的方法。

知情人士拒绝透露姓名，原因是这次圆桌会议的细节是不公开的。一位听取了议程简报的消息人士说，这次会议应该是征求具体的行动要点。

其中一位消息人士表示： “他们并不想要感觉良好而已，而必须是需要改革和开放市场的具体的、可采取行动的领域。”消息人士补充说，中国政府官员的目标是向美国金融公司保证，北京真心实意接受他们的想法。

与此同时，美国正在准备一份2000亿美元中国进口产品的最终清单，计划在未来几天内向这些产品征收10％至25％的关税。

China turns to Wall Street for ways to improve relationship with the US

China will ask Wall Street firms for ways to improve ties with the United States and suggestions to open up its financial sector at a day-long meeting in Beijing on Sunday, people familiar with the matter said.

The Chinese government sent invitations for the hastily-convened meeting a few weeks ago as trade tensions between the world’s two largest economies appeared to be headed for a full-blown trade war.

Top financial firms in both countries are sending representatives to the meeting, although heavyweight invitees such as Blackstone’s Stephen Schwarzman were unable to rearrange their schedules to attend the meeting, a source said.

The meeting will be chaired by Zhou Xiaochuan, former governor of the People’s Bank of China, and John Thornton, ex-president of Goldman Sachs.

Attendees will also meet with Chinese vice-president Wang Qishan on Monday morning after the full-day Sunday session, according to an invitation reviewed by Reuters.

Zhou and Thornton have asked participants to give one or two specific ideas on how to further open up China’s financial sector as well as suggest ways to “forge normal U.S.-China relations for the benefit of our two countries and the world.”

The people, who have knowledge of the meeting, declined to be named as the roundtable details were not public.

The meeting ideas should be accompanied by specific action points, said one source who was briefed on the agenda.

“They don’t want something feel-good. It’s got to be specific actionable areas where reform and opening markets is needed,” said one of the sources.

Chinese government officials will aim to reassure the U.S. financial firms that Beijing is genuinely receptive to their ideas, the source added.

The meeting comes as the United States is readying a final list of $200 billion in Chinese imports on which it plans to levy tariffs of between 10 and 25 percent in the coming days.

美国将设在中国与俄罗斯的朝鲜公司列入黑名单

在努力推动朝鲜政府取得无核化进展之际，特朗普政府周四将两家总部设在中国和俄罗斯的朝鲜控制的信息技术公司列入黑名单。

美国财政部宣布，被列入黑名单的是中国银星，其朝鲜籍首席执行官Jong Song Hwa及其在俄罗斯的姊妹公司沃拉苏斯银星公司。

财政部长努钦表示，制裁是为了阻断那些隐藏真实身份、躲在幌子公司后面使用化名的朝鲜信息技术工人，将非法收入输送到朝鲜。将他们列入黑名单将切断这些公司在美国可能拥有的任何财产，并禁止美国人与他们做生意。

财政部表示，朝鲜在国外销售一系列信息科技服务和产品，包括网站和应用开发，安全软件以及可用于军事和执法领域的生物识别技术软件。

美国表示，这些被列入黑名单的司也与参与朝鲜武器项目的组织有关。中国银星，也被称为延边银星网络技术有限公司，与朝鲜负责监督弹道导弹计划的军需工业部以及获取商品和技术以支持朝鲜国防研究和采购的国企有关。

财政部说，截至2018年中，中国银星与中国和其他公司的合作项目已经赚了数百万美元，而2017年初成立的俄罗斯沃拉苏斯银星在一年内赚了数十万美元。这两家公司都由朝鲜人管理。

尽管几乎没有朝鲜人可以上网，但美国表示，信息科技不仅是朝鲜威权政府的收入来源，也被用于盗窃和恐吓。

美国联邦检察官上周指控一名朝鲜籍计算机黑客对索尼影视娱乐公司发动破坏性的网络攻击，并发放出感染了150个国家计算机的WannaCry勒索软件病毒，使部分英国医疗保健系统陷入瘫痪。美国官员认为黑客是对索尼出品的电影“采访”的报复，这部影片由塞斯罗根和詹姆斯弗兰科主演，是一出以暗杀金正恩为故事主线的喜剧。朝鲜否认参与网络攻击。

特朗普政府正继续对朝鲜施加制裁压力，尽管特朗普总统与金正恩今年6月举行历史性峰会，以缓解双方之间就朝鲜核问题带来的紧张局势，

那次峰会是美朝领导人之间的首次会晤，但之后在如何实现双方同意的去核话目标问题上陷入外交僵局。不过，白宫周一表示，特朗普已收到金正恩提出举行第二次峰会的请求，并为此进行计划中。

US blacklists NKorean-controlled IT firms in China, Russia

The Trump administration blacklisted two North Korean-controlled information technology companies based in China and Russia on Thursday as it pushed for progress by Kim Jong Un's government on denuclearization.

The Treasury Department announced it was designating China Silver Star, its North Korean CEO Jong Song Hwa, and its Russia-based sister company, Volasys Silver Star.

Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said that the sanctions were intended to stop the flow of illicit revenue to North Korea from overseas IT workers hiding behind front companies and aliases. The designation blocks any property those targeted may have in the U.S. and prohibits Americans from doing business with them.

North Korea sells a range of IT services and products abroad, including website and app development, security software, and biometric identification software that have military and law enforcement applications, Treasury says.

The U.S. said that the companies targeted are also linked to the organizations involved in North's weapons program. China Silver Star, also known as Yanbian Silverstar Network Technology Co., is associated with the Munitions Industry Department of North Korea's ruling party which oversees the nation's ballistic missile programs, and with a state corporation that obtains commodities and technology to support North Korean defense research and procurement.

As of mid-2018, China Silver Star had earned millions of dollars from collaborative projects with Chinese and other companies, and the Russia-based Volasys Silver Star, established in early 2017, had earned hundreds of thousands of dollars in under a year, the Treasury said. Both companies are managed by North Koreans.

Although virtually all North Koreans lack access to the internet, the U.S. says that IT is not only a source of revenue for its authoritarian government but used by the North for theft and intimidation.

Last week, U.S. federal prosecutors charged a North Korean computer programmer with devastating cyberattacks that hacked Sony Pictures Entertainment and unleashed the WannaCry ransomware virus that infected computers in 150 countries and crippled parts of the British health care system. U.S. officials believe the Sony hack was retribution for "The Interview," a comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco in a plot to assassinate Kim. North Korea denied involvement.

The Trump administration has kept up sanctions pressure on the North, despite the historic summit between President Donald Trump and Kim in June that dialed down nuclear tensions between the adversaries.

That meeting, the first ever between leaders of the U.S. and North Korea, has been followed by a diplomatic impasse over how to achieve the agreed-upon goal of denuclearization. Still, the White House said Monday that Trump has received a request from Kim for a second summit, and planning is in motion to make it happen.