美国副总统彭斯访问以色列 美国耶路撒冷决定成为焦点

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡星期一在耶路撒冷为到访的美国副总统彭斯举行欢迎仪式。以色列是彭斯四天中东之行的最后一站。

彭斯除了进行一系列双边会谈之外，还要对以色列议会发表讲话。

白宫高级官员说，彭斯副总统讨论的题目包括美国和以色列的关系、如何抵御伊朗在中东地区的影响，以及有关叙利亚冲突的战略。

白宫官员说，彭斯副总统对以色列议会的讲话强调他是在耶路撒冷讲话。川普总统已经宣布承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都。彭斯还计划说，以色列和巴勒斯坦人现在有一个机会，能够共同努力，做出必要牺牲，达成多年以来为之努力的和平协议。

川普总统承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都的决定受到巴勒斯坦领导人的猛烈批评。巴勒斯坦权力机构主席阿巴斯说，美国已经不能在中东的和平进程发挥作用。

以色列议会中的阿拉伯议员说，他们将抵制彭斯的讲话。

彭斯副总统访问以色列前先访问了约旦。约旦的阿卜杜拉国王对美国承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都表示担忧，呼吁美国在寻求两国方案的努力中重建信任。

US Jerusalem Decision in Focus as Pence Visits Israel

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu welcomed U.S. Vice President Mike Pence with a ceremony Monday in Jerusalem, as Pence made his latest stop on a four-day tour of the Middle East.

In addition to a series of bilateral talks, Pence is also giving an address to the Knesset.

Senior White House officials said the vice president would be discussing the U.S.-Israeli relationship, ways to counter Iranian influence in the region, and strategy regarding the Syrian conflict.

In the Knesset speech, the officials said Pence would highlight that he was speaking from Jerusalem, in the context of President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. He also planned to say there is an open window for both Israelis and Palestinians to get to work and make necessary sacrifices toward a long-sought peace agreement.

Trump's decision brought sharp criticism from Palestinian leaders, including President Mahmoud Abbas who said the United States could no longer play a role in the peace process.

Arab members of parliament have said they will boycott Pence's speech.

Before traveling to Israel, Pence was in Jordan where King Abdullah expressed concern about the Jerusalem decision and urged the United States to "rebuild trust and confidence" in the search for a two-state solution.


日本进行躲避朝鲜导弹演习

日本首都东京星期一有几百人进行了模拟一枚朝鲜弹道导弹正在飞来时的疏散演习。

一个主题公园的扬声器宣布：“我们掌握的信息显示，一枚导弹已经发射。请镇静地撤到建筑物内或地下。”媒体报道，人们镇静地走到庇护场所。

日本去年进行了类似演习，但这是东京第一次在主题公园内进行这样的演习。

朝鲜不断进行导弹以及核武器试射，令其邻国日本不安。孤立于世的朝鲜在试射时，导弹曾数次飞越日本，落到离日本不远的海域。

日本经常发生地震，日本民众对模拟自然灾害的演习司空见惯。但是一些日本民众反对星期一进行的演习，认为这是宣扬战争，而且一场核战争将会毁灭一切。

Tokyo Holds Evacuation Drill, Simulates N.Korea Missile Attack

Hundreds of people in Japan's capital Monday participated in an evacuation drill meant to simulate the scenario of an incoming North Korean ballistic missile.

A voice over a loudspeaker at an amusement park told the participants, "We have information that a missile launch has occurred. Please evacuate calmly inside a building or underground." Media reports say that people calmly walked to shelters.

Similar drills were held around the country last year, but the drill in the amusement park was the first to be held in the capital.

North Korea has its neighbors on edge with its missile and nuclear testing. The isolated country has flown missiles over Japan and into the sea near Japan, as part of its missile testing program.

Residents in earthquake-prone Japan are use to drills for natural disasters. Some residents, however, objected to the drill on Monday， thinking this is a way to promote a war, which would devastate everything.