加沙地带凌晨发生炸弹爆炸事件

加沙地带当地时间星期四早晨发生了至少5起炸弹爆炸事件，据信1人受伤。

美国之音记者听到了爆炸声。几分钟之后，几辆救护车飞速驶过街头。

当地居民说，他们认为目标都是哈马斯的设施。

本星期在加沙地带与以色列的交界处发生了抗议活动，有60多人丧生，2700多人受伤。一位哈马斯官员星期三接受采访时说，死者中有50名哈马斯成员，其余12人是平民，包括妇女、儿童和一名8个月的女婴。

星期一的抗议活动是历时一个月的“回归游行”的高潮。当天美国驻以色列大使馆在耶路撒冷正式开馆。抗议者星期一聚集在加沙地带和以色列交界处，拆毁了部分铁丝网，并投掷石块。

以色列军队朝抗议者开枪，并发射催泪弹，还使用一些无人机投放催泪弹。穆斯林斋月星期四开始之际，抗议者说他们将继续示威。

联合国人权机构将召开特别会议，讨论“被占领巴勒斯坦土地上的日益恶化局面”。

Bomb Blasts Slam Gaza in Early Hours

At least five bomb blasts hit Gaza early Thursday morning local time. One person is believed to have been injured.

VOA heard the blasts and a few ambulances racing down the streets in the minutes following.

Locals said they believed the targets were all Hamas facilities.

This comes after mass demonstrations this week along the Gaza border with Israel that left more than 60 people dead and more than 2,700 injured. On Wednesday, a Hamas official said in an interview that 50 of the dead were Hamas members. The other 12 dead were civilians, he said. Among the dead were women, children and an 8-month-old girl.

The protests were a culmination of the more than monthlong "March of Return" demonstrations that escalated on Monday as the U.S. opened its embassy in Jerusalem. Protesters on Monday charged fences separating Gaza from Israel, tearing down sections of the wire barrier and throwing rocks.

Israeli forces fired into the crowds, and tear gas was lobbed over the border and rained down from drones overhead. As the Islamic holy month Ramadan begins Thursday, demonstrators say they may continue to rally.

The United Nation’s top human rights body will hold a special session to discuss “the deteriorating situation in the occupied Palestinian territories.”

马来西亚警方搜查前领导人住所

马来西亚警方搜查了前总理纳吉布的住所，据报道搜寻与一项涉及国家投资基金的腐败丑闻调查有关的文件。

纳吉布星期三晚上在附近一座清真寺祈祷后返回家中不久，人们看到他的住房外有十几辆警车。

纳吉布自从上星期在大选中失败后，实际上被软禁在家。警察对通往他家的道路实行管制。这位前总理和他妻子被禁止出国。

商业犯罪总监辛格对当地媒体说，警察在纳吉布拥有或与其有关的5处房屋搜查与一项正在进行的调查有关的证据，但是拒绝透露详情。

新总理马哈蒂尔曾表示，有充足的证据来调查有关国家资金支持的一马发展有限公司的数十亿美元丑闻。一马发展有限公司由纳吉布建立。

曾经是马哈蒂尔弟子的纳吉布否认有任何不法行为。

包括美国在内的至少6个国家的警方正在进行有关这个案件的调查。

Police Raid Home of Former Malaysian Leader

Malaysian police have raided the home of former Prime Minister Najib Razak reportedly searching for documents as part of a probe into a corruption scandal involving a state investment fund.

More than a dozen police vehicles were seen at Najib's house shortly after he returned home from prayers at a nearby mosque late Wednesday.

Najib has virtually been under house arrest since he lost the general election last week. Police have limited access to his road and the former leader and his wife are forbidden to leave the country.

Commercial crime director Amar Singh Ishar Singh told local media that police were searching for evidence in an ongoing probe and that it was being carried out at five locations belonging to or linked to Najib. He declined to give details.

The new Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has said there is enough evidence to investigate a multibillion-dollar scandal at state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), which was founded by Najib.

Najib, once Mahathir's protege, has denied any wrongdoing.

The scandal is being investigated by police in at least six countries, including the United States.