华尔街受创冲击亚洲金融市场

华尔街股市暴跌冲击亚洲各地，导致周四中国的股指降至四年来的低点，也重挫日本、韩国、澳大利亚的股市。

中国的上证综指下跌5.2％至2014年11月以来的最低水平，日本的日经指数则下跌近4％。香港恒生指数下跌3.7％至25,220.67点。韩国股指则下跌4.4％至2,129.67点。台湾及东南亚股市也受到重挫。

星期三，美国股市由于投资人对利率上升和贸易紧张局势的担忧引发技术和互联网股票的抛售，导致股市暴跌。道琼斯工业平均指数遭遇八个月来最大跌幅，下跌3.1％至25,598.74点。

标准普尔指数下跌3.3％至2,785.68点。拥有大量科技股的纳斯达克综合指数下跌4.1％至7,422.05。纳指在短短5天内下降了7.5％。

投资人对美国可能进一步加息保持谨慎，这将提高企业借贷成本并对经济增长造成压力。

美国总统特朗普当天表示，美联储的加息做法“犯了一个错误”，他说，“我认为美联储简直疯了。”

摩根大通资产管理公司的全球市场策略师Marcella Chow在一份报告中指出，“股票投资者对利率上升的速度感到惊讶。”

美中之间日益扩大的关税之争也加深市场悲观情绪。国际货币基金组织本周基于利率影响和贸易紧张关系而削减了全球经济增长预期。

美国财政部将发布一份货币政策报告，一些分析师认为可能会提出官方对中国汇率政策立场的改变。有分析人士表示，尚不清楚报告是否将中国列为“汇率操纵国”，这会导致处罚，或者会是“下一轮关税的又一个前奏”。

Losses on Wall Street Rip Through Asian Financial Markets

A stock market rout that started on Wall Street rolled through Asia, driving China’s benchmark to a four-year low Thursday and knocking down indexes in Japan, Korea and Australia.

The Shanghai Composite index plunged 5.2 percent to its lowest level since November 2014, and Japan’s Nikkei 225 fell by an unusually wide margin of almost 4 percent. Markets across Southeast Asia recorded similar declines. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index shed 3.7 percent to 25,220.67. The Kospi in South Korea fell 4.4 percent to 2,129.67. Stocks also plunged in Taiwan and fell across Southeast Asia.

On Wednesday, U.S. stocks slumped as concerns over rising interest rates and trade tensions caused a sell-off in technology and internet stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average suffered its worst loss in eight months, falling 3.1 percent to 25,598.74.

The S&P 500 index sank 3.3 percent to 2,785.68. The Nasdaq composite, which has a large contingent of technology stocks, was 4.1 percent lower at 7,422.05. It has fallen 7.5 percent in just five days.

Investors are wary of possible further U.S. interest rate hikes, which will raise the cost of corporate borrowing and weigh on economic growth.

President Donald Trump said the Federal Reserve “is making a mistake” with its campaign of rate increases. “I think the Fed has gone crazy,” he charged.

“Equity investors are surprised by the pace at which rates have risen,” said Marcella Chow, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in a report.

Sentiment also has been dampened by the spreading U.S.-Chinese tariff fight over Beijing’s technology policy. The International Monetary Fund cut its outlook for global growth this week, citing interest rates and trade tensions.

The U.S. Treasury is to release a currency report that some analysts suggest might change the official stance on China’s exchange rate policy. Chow said it was unclear whether the Treasury might label Beijing a “currency manipulator,” a status that could trigger penalties, or whether it could be “another pre-text for the next round of tariffs.”

欧盟称英国脱欧协议“触手可及“但仍未完成

欧盟脱欧谈判代表周三表示，如果谈判在下周的峰会前取得进展，与英国达成脱欧协议将“触手可及”。

欧盟谈判代表巴尼耶表示，协议中高达85％的部分已经完成，但如何确保爱尔兰边境透明的问题仍悬而未决。

他建议确保将边境检查站保持在最低限度。不过他也警告说，英国的一些现行提议将给英国带来太大的贸易竞争优势。

他说，双方都有良好的意愿，“如果我们在十月十七日进行谈判，协议将触手可及”。英国首相梅将于那时到布鲁塞尔参加与其他27名首脑的峰会。

欧盟委员会委员阿夫拉莫普洛斯周三告诉记者，巴尼耶和他的团队“正在为达成协议日夜工作。”

英国将于明年3月29日脱离欧盟，而双方对未来的关系，尤其是贸易方面 ，无法达成协议的可能性令企业和政界人士担忧。

作为欧盟的一部分，英国与欧盟这个最大的贸易伙伴之间的贸易毫无障碍。问题是如何让英国退出欧盟的同时不d对其贸易造成太大干扰，也不会在爱尔兰共和国与英国的北爱尔兰之间重新建立一个硬边界。

EU Says Brexit Deal 'Within Reach' but Work Remains

The European Union's Brexit negotiator said Wednesday that an agreement on Britain's exit ``is within reach'' if negotiations make progress ahead of a summit next week.

Michel Barnier said that up to 85 percent of the work on a deal is done but that the issue remains of how to ensure a transparent border on the island of Ireland.

He offered suggestions to make sure border checks are be kept to a minimum. Yet he also warned that some British proposals as they stood would give the U.K. too much of a competitive trade advantage.

With good will from both sides, he said, "agreement is within reach if we have the negotiations on the 17th of October," when Theresa May will meet her 27 counterparts in Brussels.

EU Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos told reporters Wednesday that Barnier and his team "are working day and night to reach a deal."

Britain is to leave the EU on March 29 and the possibility of there being no deal on future relations – particularly trade – is worrying businesses and politicians.

As part of the EU, Britain benefits from seamless trade with the bloc, its biggest trading partner. And the question is how to let Britain exit the EU without too much disruption to trade and without reinstalling a hard border between the Republic of Ireland and Britain's Northern Ireland.