川普将在白宫主持“美国制造”展览

来自全美国50个州的产品，从糖果、捕蟹笼、马蹄铁、到太空服将在星期一参加白宫的“美国制造产品展。”

白宫称，川普总统希望通过这次活动展示他领导的政府“致力于确保更多的产品在美国制造。”

应邀在白宫展示产品的一些公司表示，他们对接到邀请参与这项活动既感到意外，又感到荣幸。

这些美国品牌既包括标志性的金宝汤和洛克希德-马丁公司制造的F-35第五代战机(其模型将出现在白宫草坪上)，也有不知名的葡萄酒、扫帚、马蹄铁和饲料品牌。

川普总统已经宣布7月16日至22日为“美国制造周”，为工匠、创新者和制造商们喝彩。

他保证会保护美国的工人、推动美国工业。此前，川普威胁说会对5000亿美元来自中国的产品实施关税。而中国肯定会因此对美国产品采取更多的报复行动。

Trump to Host 'Made in America' Showcase at White House

Products from every one of the 50 states -- from candy to crab pots to horseshoes to space suits -- are being displayed in the White House for Monday's "Made in America Product Showcase."

The White House says President Donald Trump wants to show his administration's "commitment to ensuring more products are made in America."

Some of the companies invited to set up their products inside the White House say they were both surprised and honored to have been asked to participate.

They include such iconic American brands as Campbell Soup and Lockheed-Martin -- which will have a model F-35 fighter jet on the White House lawn -- to obscure manufacturers who make wine, brooms, horseshoes and animal feed.

Trump had declared July 16-22 "Made in America Week," celebrating "craftsmen, innovators and producers."

He promised to protect U.S. workers and promote American industry after threatening to impose another $500 billion in tariffs on Chinese exports -- a move sure to bring more Chinese retaliation against U.S. goods.

加拿大多伦多枪手击中14人，2人遇害

加拿大多伦多警方称，一名持枪男子7月22日星期天晚上开枪击中14人，其中2人遇害，凶犯嫌疑人也毙命。

目击者报告称，枪手一边在多伦多希腊城社区的人行道上行走一边开枪。他们听到20至30次枪声。

当地警察局局长桑德斯还说，警方曾与凶犯嫌疑人“交火”。 他表示调查人员正在努力确定枪击案的动机，目前尚未排除任何可能性。

Toronto Gunman Shoots 14 People, Killing 2

Police in Toronto, Canada say a man armed with a handgun shot 14 people late Sunday, killing two of them, in an attack that ended with the suspect also dead.

Witnesses reported hearing between 20 and 30 gunshots as the shooter fired while walking down a sidewalk in Toronto's Greektown neighborhood.

Police Chief Mark Saunders also said there was an "exchange of gunfire" with the suspect. He said investigators were working to determine the motive for the shooting and were not yet ruling out any possibilities.