特朗普将派蓬佩奥就失踪记者进行会谈

美国总统特朗普表示，他将派遣国务卿蓬佩奥与沙特国王萨勒曼会面。此前沙特当局否认知道一名沙特记者两周前进入沙特驻伊斯坦布尔领事馆后失踪的一事。

特朗普周一在推特上说，“刚刚与沙特阿拉伯国王通话，他否认对‘我们沙特阿拉伯公民’可能发生的任何事情有任何了解，”特朗普总统援引萨勒曼的话说，沙特“正在与土耳其密切合作，寻找答案。”特朗普还表示，将”立即派遣”蓬佩奥到利雅得与沙特国王举行更多会谈。

土耳其总统埃尔多安和萨勒曼周日讨论组建一个联合工作组，调查记者贾马尔·卡舒吉失踪一案。土耳其官员认为，卡舒吉10月2日在沙特阿拉伯驻伊斯坦布尔领事馆被沙特特工谋杀。

沙特称这些指控“毫无根据”，并称卡舒吉自己离开了领事馆。不过土耳其和沙特都没有提供明确的证据来支持各自的说法。

特朗普在接受美国哥伦比亚广播公司新闻节目“60分钟”时表示，如果确定卡舒吉在沙特领事馆内被杀，将会采取“严厉惩罚”，但据沙特官方通讯社援引未具名的消息来源说，利雅得对美国的威胁予以反击，声称如果特朗普对沙特阿拉伯采取任何行动，将会进行报复。

卡舒吉之前流亡在美国，并在为“华盛顿邮报”撰写的专栏中批评沙特王储穆罕默德·本·萨勒曼。

特朗普总统说“没有人知道”领事馆内发生了什么事，“但我们可能会知道萨尔曼是否下令谋杀卡舒吉。特朗普补充说，“如果情况属实，美国会非常不满和愤怒。”

数位美国商界领袖已决定退出下周在利雅得举行的“未来投资倡议”大会，以示对卡舒吉失踪的抗议。这个被称为“沙漠中的达沃斯”的会议是仿效瑞士举行的世界经济论坛举办的。不过白宫经济顾问库德洛表示，美国财政部长努钦仍计划前往。

“华盛顿邮报”最近几天报道说，土耳其政府曾通知美国官员，他们拥有视频录像，可以证明卡舒吉在领事馆内被杀，但尚未将其公之于众。

Trump Sending Pompeo to Riyadh for Talks on Missing Journalist

U.S. President Donald Trump says he is dispatching Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to meet with Saudi King Salman after the monarch denied any knowledge about the disappearance of a Saudi journalist last seen two weeks ago entering the country's consulate in Istanbul.

Trump said Monday on Twitter, "Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened 'to our Saudi Arabian citizen,'" The U.S. leader quoted Salman as saying his country is "working closely with Turkey to find answer," adding Trump is "immediately sending" Pompeo to to Riyadh for more talks with the king.

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Salman on Sunday discussed forming a joint working group to look into the disappearance of the journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, whom Turkish officials believe was murdered by Saudi agents October 2 at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul.

Saudi Arabia calls the allegations "baseless" and says Khashoggi left the consulate on his own, although neither Turkey nor Saudi Arabia has provided clear evidence to support its version of events.

Trump told the CBS news show 60 Minutes there would be "severe punishment" if it is determined Khashoggi was killed inside the Saudi consulate, but Riyadh dismissed the U.S. threat and said it would retaliate if Trump took any action against Saudi Arabia, according to an unnamed source quoted by Saudi Press Agency

Khashoggi was living in self-imposed exile in the United States and had criticized Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in columns written for The Washington Post.

Trump said "nobody knows yet" what happened inside the consulate, "but we'll probably be able to find out" if Salman ordered Khashoggi's murder. Trump added the United States "would be very upset and angry if that were the case."

In protest of Khashoggi's disappearance, several U.S. businesses leaders have pulled out of next week's Future Investment Initiative in Riyadh, dubbed "Davos in the Desert," after the annual meeting of world economic interests in Switzerland. However White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said the Treasury chief is still planning to go.

The Washington Post reported in recent days that the Turkish government informed U.S. officials it was in possession of video recordings that prove Khashoggi was killed inside the consulate, but have not made them public.

为什么更多的美国人搬到较小城市

为了寻求更好的生活质量，越来越多的美国人搬到了较小的城市。

美国人口普查局的数据显示，这些人正离开洛杉矶、芝加哥和纽约，搬到中等规模的城市，例如凤凰城、拉斯维加斯和达拉斯。

对这些二线城市来说，一个巨大的吸引力是住房成本在工资中占的比例小了很多。根据美国人口普查局的统计，有超过一半的人因住房原因搬迁，他们要寻找一个新的或更好的家，更便宜的住房，或买房而不是租房。

在曼哈顿租一个住处每月花费大约4,100美元。这几乎是纽约市家庭年收入中位数83,500美元的三分之二。买房更是遥不可及，当地平均房价为110万美元。

在2012年至2017年的五年间，有超过五十万人离开了纽约市的曼哈顿、布朗克斯、布鲁克林和皇后区。

洛杉矶是美国国内净流失人口最多的大都市地区。那里房租约为每月2,100美元，约占当地平均收入的38％。房价约为63美元，几乎是平均年薪66,000美元的10倍。

洛杉矶县五年中的流失人口大约381,000人。

报告显示，凤凰城地区的生活成本要低得多，那里过去五年来净增人口为221,000人，比美国其他任何地区都多。

凤凰城的平均家庭收入约为63,000美元，租金约为每月1,100美元，房屋的中位数价格为28万美元，比洛杉矶大都市区少35万美元。

在拉斯维加斯地区，房屋租金（1,000美元）只占平均工资的21％（57,000美元），而平均房价约为273,000美元。

分析显示，最吸引人迁入地区的房价比那些人口减少幅度最大的地区要便宜两倍。

芝加哥似乎是个例外。人们离开那里是为了摆脱高税收。那里财产税比美国几乎任何其他地方都高。

Why More Americans Are Moving to Smaller Cities

More Americans are moving to smaller cities in search of a better quality of life.

They're leaving places like Los Angeles, Chicago and New York for mid-sized cities such as Phoenix, Las Vegas and Dallas, according to an analysis of data from the U.S. Census Bureau.

A huge draw for these second-tier cities is that the cost of housing consumes a much smaller chunk of people's salaries. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, more than half of the people who move do so for housing-related reasons. They're looking for a new or better home, cheaper housing, or to buy a home rather than rent.

It costs about $4,100 a month to rent a place in Manhattan. That's almost two-thirds of New York City's median household income of $83,500. Buying a home is even more out of reach. The average cost of a home in the area is $1.1 million.

More than half a million people left the New York boroughs of Manhattan, the Bronx, Brooklyn, and Queens over a five-year period between 2012 and 2017.

In Los Angeles, the metropolitan county with the largest outbound net domestic migration, rent costs about $2,100 a month — about 38 percent of average income. Houses cost around $630,000, almost 10 times the average annual salary of $66,000.

LA County lost about 381,000 people over a five-year period.

According to the report, the cost of living can be a lot less expensive in the Phoenix area, which welcomed more net domestic newcomers over the past five years — 221,000 people — than any other part of the country.

The average household income in Phoenix is about $63,000, rent is about $1,100 a month, and the median price of a house is $280,000 — that's $350,000 less than in the LA metropolitan area.

In the Las Vegas area, the rent ($1,000) will only consume 21 percent of the average salary ($57,000) and purchasing a house would set a buyer back about $273,000.

The analysis found that housing is about two times cheaper in the top markets that attracted people than in the areas that are losing the most in terms of population.

Chicago appears to be an exception. People are leaving the Windy City to get away from high taxes. Property taxes are higher there than almost anywhere else in the United States.

It is not as though the places that are losing people are suffering due to the exodus. Eight of the 10 counties with the biggest net population losses are still growing overall because of births and immigration.