美中北京会谈气氛紧张，在贸易问题上互相批评

美国国务卿蓬佩奥对中国外交官最高官员表示，美国对中国的行为“严重关切”，双方的会议凸显了华盛顿与北京之间关系的恶化。

蓬佩奥星期一在北京对中国外长王毅表示，“我们有一个根本性的分歧。”双方在这一外交环境中使用了异常生硬的语言。

王毅指责美国不断加剧与中国的贸易紧张局势，并表示华盛顿与台湾打交道的方式“损害中国核心利益”。北京认为目前自治的台湾是自己的领土。

这次会议开始的几天前，美国副总统彭斯发表讲话，指责中国军事上咄咄逼人，商业上进行盗窃，侵犯人权行为增多以及针对特朗普总统干涉美国选举。

美方在周一的会谈后发表声明说，蓬佩奥“直截了当指出美国和中国有分歧的问题，包括南中国海和人权问题。他强调了维护两岸和平与稳定的重要性。”

同时，两人都谈到了加强合作的必要性。

王毅说，“我们相信，中美应该坚持正确的合作和双赢的道路，而不是陷入充满冲突和对抗的错误道路”。

双方合作的一个领域是朝鲜问题，美国正试图说服这个中国盟友放弃核武器。

美国国务院表示，蓬佩奥和王毅“重申了双方的共同决心，实现朝鲜最终经彻底核实后无核化的目标，正如金正恩在新加坡所答应的那样。”这位朝鲜领导人和美国总统特朗普6月份首次在那里举行历史性峰会。

声明补充说：“美国和中国仍一致保持向朝鲜施压的行动，并致力于在平壤迅速实现无核化后朝鲜迎来光明未来。”

US, China Trade Criticism in Testy Beijing Meeting

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told his Chinese counterpart the United States has "grave concerns" about China's actions, in a meeting that underscores worsening relations between Washington and Beijing.

"We have a fundamental disagreement," Pompeo told Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi Monday in Beijing, which saw both sides use unusually blunt language for such a diplomatic setting.

Wang accused the U.S. of escalating trade tensions with China and said Washington was dealing with Taiwan in a way that "harms China's core interests." Beijing considers the self-ruled island its own.

The meeting comes days after U.S. Vice President Mike Pence delivered a speech accusing China of military aggression, commercial theft, rising human rights violations and electoral intervention against Trump.

A U.S. readout issued after Monday's meeting said Pompeo "directly addressed areas where the United States and China do not agree, including on the South China Sea and human rights. He emphasized the importance of maintaining cross-Strait peace and stability."

Both men also spoke of the need for greater cooperation.

"We believe China and the U.S. should stick to the correct path of cooperation and win-win rather than be mired in a wrong path full of conflicts and confrontations," Wang said.

One area of cooperation is North Korea, a Chinese ally, which the U.S. is trying to convince to give up its nuclear weapons.

The State Department says Pompeo and Wang "reaffirmed their shared resolve to achieving the final, fully verified denuclearization of the DPRK, as agreed to by Chairman Kim (Jong Un) in Singapore." The North Korean leader and U.S. President Donald Trump met for the first time there in June for a historic summit.

"The United States and China remain unified on our pressure campaign, and are committed to a bright future for the DPRK if Pyongyang denuclearizes quickly," the statement added.

研究首次披露中国在澳投资的大量细节

研究人员首次能够跟踪中国在澳大利亚的投资金额。从购买大型牧场到住宅，中国资金的范围导致了有关在澳大利亚的外国影响力规模的广泛讨论。研究结果可能会让一些澳大利亚人感到惊讶，他们对中国的影响力以及中国在澳大利亚的投资规模怀有戒心。

这一全面的新数据库显示了中国投资者向澳大利亚投资的金额。在 2013年至2017年间，这一数字超过280亿美元。虽然大部分资金都用于采矿项目和房地产，不过中国人在澳大利亚旅游业投入的资金正越来越多。

澳大利亚国立大学的学者们表示，这证明了中国的投资正在变得越来越成熟和复杂。

研究人员与商界代表和澳大利亚政府合作，首次描绘出中国投资的真正价值。来自中国的资金流动一直带有政治敏感性，人们担心宝贵的澳大利亚农田和房地产已经为外资拥有。

澳大利亚国立大学研究员Peter Drysdale教授表示，他的工作将有助于促进关于中国角色的讨论更为准确。

他说：“准确了解正在发生的事情，展开明智的公开讨论就完成了一半。”他说， “就有可能就中国在澳大利亚投资的实际情况及其对澳大利亚经济的影响进行更为知情的讨论”

该数据库是通过对来自外国投资审查委员会和澳大利亚统计局等数千项交易的精心分析而编制的。

研究结果显示，中国在澳大利亚的投资在2016年达到高峰，为105亿美元，但在2017年降至62亿美元。

虽然这份报告没有解释大幅下跌的原因，但由于有关中国被控干涉澳大利亚国内政治和媒体的外交摩擦带来，北京和堪培拉之间的双边贸易关系面临越来越大的压力。

Study Reveals First Big look at Chinese Investment in Australia

For the first time, researchers have been able to track the amount of Chinese investment in Australia. From the purchase of large cattle properties to residential real estate, the scope of Chinese money has led to fraught discussions about the scale of foreign influence in Australia. The results of the research may have some surprises for some Australians who have been wary of China's influence and the size of Chinese investments in their country.

The comprehensive new database shows how much Chinese investors are pouring into Australia. Between 2013 and 2017 the figure was more than $28 billion (U.S. dollars).Most of the money was spent on mining projects and real estate, although increasingly larger amounts are being invested by the Chinese in tourism in Australia.

Academics from the Australian National University say this is proof that Chinese investment is maturing and becoming more sophisticated.

Working with business representatives and the Australian government, researchers are for the first time charting the real value of Chinese investment.The flow of money from China has been politically sensitive, with concerns that valuable Australian farmland and real estate have become foreign-owned.

Professor Peter Drysdale, researcher at the Australian National University, says his work will help to foster a more accurate debate about China's role.

"Getting an accurate picture of what is going on is half the battle in having a sensible public discussion," said Drysdale. "Making it possible to have a better informed discussion about what Chinese investment actually does in Australia and what its effect is on the Australian economy."

The database was compiled by painstaking analysis of thousands of transactions from sources such as the Foreign Investment Review Board and the Australian Bureau of Statistics.

The research highlighted that Chinese investment in Australia was at its highest in 2016, at $10.5 billion, but dropped to $6.2 billion in 2017.

While the report does not offer explanations for the sharp fall, bilateral business relations between Beijing and Canberra have been under increasing pressure because of diplomatic friction over alleged Chinese meddling in Australia's domestic politics and the media.