多家媒体称美中情局长与金正恩会谈

多家媒体报道，美国中央情报局局长蓬佩奥曾访问朝鲜，并与朝鲜领导人金正恩秘密会谈。

几家新闻媒体援引未透露身份的美国官员的话说，蓬佩奥今年复活节的周末访问朝鲜以及与金正恩会谈是为川普总统与金正恩的直接会面做准备。

川普总统早些时候证实，美国与朝鲜举行了高层会谈。

日本首相安倍夫妇与川普总统夫妇在川普总统拥有的佛罗里达海湖庄园内散步时，一名记者问川普总统他是否与金正恩有过对话。川普总统朝向一组记者，笑着回答说：“是的。”

几分钟之后，在为日本首相夫妇举办的宴会上，川普总统又被问到同样的问题。川普总统回答说：“还不能完全那样说。但是我们双方最高层有过对话，进展很好。我们看接下来会怎样。”

白宫新闻秘书桑德斯随即也否认金正恩与川普总统或高级美国官员有任何直接接触。

桑德斯在发给一些记者的电邮中说：“有关与（朝鲜）领导人金正恩会谈的问题：总统说是美国政府最高层进行的会谈，并说不是直接与他本人。”

CIA Chief Pompeo Met with Kim Jong-Un, Media reports say

CIA director Mike Pompeo traveled to Pyongyang for a secret meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, according to multiple media reports.

The meeting to prepare for direct talks between U.S. President Donald Trump and Kim took place over Easter weekend, according to unnamed officials reported by several news outlets.

Earlier Trump acknowledged the U.S. had held direct talks at high levels.

During a walk with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and their spouses on the grounds of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort, the president was asked by a reporter if he had talked with Kim. Trump turned towards the group of journalists, smiled and replied, “yes.”

A few minutes later, at the start of dinner with the Japanese couple, the president was again asked the same question. “Let’s leave it a little bit short of that. But we’ve had talks at the highest level,” Trump replied. “And it’s going very well. We’ll see what happens.”

Within minutes, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders also knocked down any confirmation of direct communication between Kim and the president or his top officials.

“In regards to talks with Leader Kim Jong-un: The President said the administration has had talks at the highest levels and added that they were not with him directly,” Huckabee Sanders said in a comment e-mailed to reporters.

联合打击后美法在叙利亚长期战略上显分歧

美国与欧洲盟友法国和英国联合对叙利亚怀疑为化学武器设施的目标进行了导弹攻击之后，美英法三国在叙利亚这个饱受战争创伤的国家如何找到长期解决方案的问题上可能步调没有那么一致。

导弹攻击之后数小时就出现了分歧。白宫看来反驳了法国总统马克龙的说法。马克龙总统说，他说服了美国继续留在叙利亚，并同意限制在叙利亚的军事行动。

马克龙星期一再次对记者说，法美两国在军事行动以及重建和平的策略上看法一致。

但是，马克龙总统最近数天谈到的叙利亚战略看来与华盛顿的看法并不合拍。马克龙提到的一点是要求包括川普政府视为主要敌人之一的伊朗在内的其它地区国家帮助解决叙利亚内战的问题。

尽管马克龙总统努力把自己展现为美国在欧洲可靠盟友的领导人，无论是全球气候变化还是贸易问题，但是一些专家怀疑马克龙能否带来实际的结果。

马克龙和川普下星期将在华盛顿会谈，所有这些问题都将包括在主要讨论议题内。

United in Strikes, Paris and Washington May Divide Over Longer-Term Syria Strategy

After coming together in striking suspected chemical weapons sites in Syria, the U.S. and its European allies, France and Britain, may be far less unified in finding longer-term solutions for the conflict-torn country.

The first differences were on display hours after the strikes, as the White House appeared to rebut suggestions by French President Emmanuel Macron that he convinced his U.S. counterpart to remain in Syria and agree to limited military action.

Then came Macron’s own re-messaging. The two countries were in line, he told reporters Monday, on how they viewed both their military and peace-building engagements.

Still, the Syria strategy, as outlined by Macron in recent days, seems far from being in lockstep with Washington. In particular, it demands engaging key Trump administration nemesis Iran, among other regional actors, to help resolve the tangled conflict.

And while the French president aims to position himself as Washington’s go-to leader in Europe, in matters ranging from climate change to trade, experts question whether he can deliver tangible results.

Those questions will be front and center next week, when Macron and U.S. President Donald Trump hold talks in Washington.