津巴布韦反对派领导人在美国坠机身亡

美国当局正在调查津巴布韦反对派高级领导人贝尼特在直升机坠毁中身亡的事件。一同遇难的还有贝尼特的妻子以及其他三人。

警方说，直升机星期三晚上在新墨西哥州偏远山区坠毁，离科罗拉多州州界不远。

直升机坠毁中有一人受伤，得以逃生，并打了求救电话。

目前还不清楚，贝尼特为什么会在新墨西哥州。

60岁的贝尼特是积极帮助穷人的活动人士，长期以来坚决反对穆加贝总统。穆加贝去年年底被迫辞职。

Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Killed in Helicopter Crash

U.S. authorities are investigating a helicopter crash which killed Senior Zimbabwe opposition leader Roy Bennett, his wife and three others.

Police say the aircraft went down Wednesday night, in a remote mountainous area in the state of New Mexico, close to the border with Colorado.

Another passenger who was injured in the crash managed to get away and call for help.

It is unclear what Bennett was doing in New Mexico.

The 60 year-old Bennett was an activist for causes helping the poor and a fierce opponent of longtime president Robert Mugabe, who was forced to resign late last year.

蒂勒森：期待前往伦敦美国新大使馆

美国国务卿蒂勒森说，他期待前往伦敦的新美国大使馆。川普总统一星期前拒绝出席开馆仪式。

蒂勒森星期天将访问伦敦，开始他的8天欧洲之行。不过美国国务院发言人说，蒂勒森国务卿的访问计划中没有正式的剪彩仪式。

蒂勒森国务卿计划与英国领导人会谈，讨论美英两国对世界事务的共同关切。

川普总统上星期五取消了2月访问伦敦的计划，说他不想对搬迁美国驻英大使馆的“糟糕计划”表示支持。川普总统还说，大使馆搬迁计划是奥巴马行政当局同意的。事实上，出售原驻英大使馆房产的决定是在小布什总统执政期间做出的，据说主要是出于安全担心。

Tillerson Hopes to Visit New Embassy in London

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he hopes to visit the new U.S. embassy in London, a week after President Donald Trump refused to attend its opening.

Tillerson will be in London Sunday at the start of an eight day trip across Europe. But a State Department spokeswoman said no formal ribbon-cutting had been planned for Tillerson's visit.

Tillerson also plans to meet with British leaders and to discuss issues of mutual concern around the world.

Last Friday, Trump cancelled a visit to London in February, saying he did not want to lend his support to a "bad deal" on the embassy relocation, which he incorrectly claimed had been agreed by the Obama administration. The decision to sell the old embassy was actually taken during the George W. Bush administration and was reportedly driven by security concerns.