美国对盟国与伊朗做生意提出警告

美国的盟国和伙伴国如果继续与伊朗做生意会面临“重大风险”，包括可能受到华盛顿的制裁。

美国财政部星期二警告说，伊朗继续利用空壳公司和非法融资来支持其破坏活动，即便在它2015年签署了伊核协议之后也丝毫没有减少。美国官员说，预计伊朗这样的活动还将增加。

美国财政部负责反恐和金融情报的副部长曼德尔克说：“伊朗政权将欺骗你们的公司，破坏你们金融系统的稳定，并让你们的公司和机制面临遭受我们严厉制裁的风险，而伊朗政权则将用获得的资金支持恐怖主义、侵犯人权和支持真主党、哈马斯和胡塞武装等恐怖组织。”

川普总统上个月宣布美国退出世界六大国和伊朗2015年签署的协议，称之为“糟糕透顶、只对单方有利而本不应该签署的协议”。

川普总统还下令恢复针对伊朗核活动的所有制裁。

但是欧洲国家认为，只要伊朗遵守这项协议，他们就不愿意放弃。

曼德尔克呼吁美国的盟国强化他们的金融体系并鼓励本国公司格外小心，确保不要无意间资助了她所称的伊朗在中东的邪恶活动。

曼德尔克还警告说，美国将在金融方面对伊朗政府施加前所未有的压力。

US Warns Allies on Business Ties to Iran

U.S. allies and partners will face "very significant risks" if they continue to do business with Iran, including the possibility of getting hit with sanctions from Washington.

The U.S. Treasury Department warned Tuesday that Iran’s use of shell companies and illicit financing to fund malign activities continued unabated, even after it signed the landmark 2015 nuclear deal. U.S. officials said they expect Tehran to ramp up such activities.

"The Iranian regime will deceive your companies, undermine the integrity of your financial systems, and put your institutions at risk of our powerful sanctions, all to fund terrorism, human rights abuses, and terrorist groups like Hezbollah, Hamas, and the Houthis," said Sigal Mandelker, Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence.

President Donald Trump last month announced the U.S. was withdrawing from the 2015 nuclear agreement between world powers and Iran, calling it "a horrible, one-sided deal that should have never, ever been made."

He also ordered U.S. agencies to reinstitute all nuclear sanctions against Tehran.

But European countries have been hesitant to toss aside the deal, provided the Iranian government sticks to its provisions.

Mandelker encouraged U.S. allies to harden their financial systems and encourage their companies to do extra work to make sure they are not inadvertently helping pay for what she called Iran’s nefarious activities across the Middle East.

Mandelker also warned the U.S. "will apply unprecedented financial pressure" against the Iranian government.

联邦探员突查俄亥俄州园艺店逮捕114名非法移民

美国移民官员星期二突击检查了俄亥俄州的两家园艺商店，逮捕114人。据信他们是无证移民，并被指盗窃他人身份。

这是国土安全部和移民局官员近年来最大规模的突击检查。

被突击检查的两家店是科尔索花卉园艺中心的两家分店，一家在桑达斯基，一家在卡斯塔利亚。

除逮捕人之外，移民官员还从其中一家园艺店搬走了若干箱当局发言人所称的“很多文件证据”。

美国联邦官员去年10月逮捕了一名妇女。他们称她为“身份证件贩子”，专门把偷盗来的身份证明卖给合法和非法劳工。根据这个“贩卖身份证明”嫌疑人提供的线索，调查人员查到了科尔索花卉园艺中心。

科尔索花卉园艺中心没有受到任何刑事指控，但是一直在被调查。一名移民调查官员说，科尔索花卉园艺中连锁店看来对所雇人员持有虚假身份证明并不知情。

US Agents Arrest 114 Illegal Workers at Ohio Garden Centers

U.S. immigration agents raided two Ohio garden stores Tuesday and arrested 114 workers believed to be undocumented immigrants, for alleged identity theft.

It was the largest such sting by Homeland Security and immigration agents in recent years.

The agents carried out raids at two separate locations of Corso's Flower and Garden

Center — one in Sandusky and the other in Castalia.

Along with the arrests, agents carried out boxes of what a spokesman called "a lot of documentary evidence" from one of the stores.

The investigation into Corso's began in October when agents arrested a woman that they called a "document vendor" — someone who sells stolen identity documents to legal and illegal would-be workers. The suspected vendor led investigators to Corso's.

Corso's is not facing any criminal charges but is still under investigation. An immigration official said the garden center chain was obviously unaware it was hiring workers with falsified documents.