联合国秘书长“严重关注”叙利亚西南部的军事行动升级

联合国秘书长古铁雷斯的发言人发表声明说，秘书长“对叙利亚西南地区最近包括地面进攻和空中轰炸的军事行动升级十分关注”。

声明说：“攻击行动造成成千上万的平民流离失所，其中大部分人前往约旦边境地区。秘书长同时担心这些攻击行动对地区安全构成重大危险。”

古铁雷斯秘书长呼吁“立即停止军事行动升级，并敦促所有利益攸关者依照国际法和国际人道法履行他们的义务，包括保护平民和平民设施”。

约旦2017年7月协调达成了美国和俄罗斯在叙利亚南部实行停火的协议。

但是叙利亚政府没有同意这项降低冲突的协议，尽管它的盟友俄罗斯是协议签署方之一。叙利亚政府继续向反政府武装所在的地区投放传单，只给他们两个选择：投降或灭亡。

美国国务院6月早些时候的一份声明表示对叙利亚政府在西南地区军事行动升级感到关切，并警告说，叙利亚政府违反停火的行为将受到“坚决和适当措施”的回应，并称俄罗斯有责任让叙利亚政府遵守这项协议。

UN Secretary-General: “Gravely Concerned”About Military Escalation in Southwestern Syria

U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres is "gravely concerned by the recent military escalation, including ground offensives and aerial bombardments, in southwestern Syria," according to a statement from his spokesman.

"The attacks have resulted in the displacement of thousands of civilians, the majority of whom are moving towards the Jordanian border. The Secretary-general is also concerned at the significant risks these offensives pose to regional security, " the statement says.

Guterres has called for "an immediate end to the current military escalation and urges all stakeholders to respect their obligations under international law and international humanitarian law, including the protection of civilians and civilian infrastructure."

Jordan brokered a cease-fire agreement in southern Syria between the U.S. and Russia in July 2017.

But the Syrian government has not agreed to the de-escalation agreement, despite the fact that its ally, Russia, was a party to the deal. The Syrian government continues to drop leaflets in the area giving armed opposition two choices — surrender or die.

The U.S. State Department issued a statement earlier this month expressing its concerns about the escalation by the Syrian government in the southwest, warning of “firm and appropriate measures” against the Syrian government’s violation of a cease-fire, and holding Russia responsible to compel the Syrian government to the agreement.

沙特阿拉伯星期天取消不准女性驾车禁令

沙特阿拉伯星期天将取消世界各国中唯一不准女性驾驶汽车的禁令。

这一举措对沙特阿拉伯女性是一个里程碑。迄今为止，她们出行只能依靠司机、男性亲戚、计程车或其它出租车服务。

6月早些时候，沙特阿拉伯政府开始向已经持有英国、黎巴嫩和加拿大等外国颁发的驾驶执照的女性发放沙特驾驶执照。这些女性在获得驾照前要先接受一个简短的驾车考试。

不过，沙特阿拉伯的大多数女性都没有驾驶执照。沙特阿拉伯的驾驶学校刚刚向女性开放几个月，很多女性还没有得到这样的机会。

彭博新闻社说，接受采访的沙特阿拉伯女性对有关驾照的新进展相当矛盾，既对能够驾驶汽车感到兴奋，又想维护传统文化。她们说，很可能需要一段时间社会才能接受这个变化。

Saudi Arabia Lifts Ban on Women Drivers Sunday

Saudi Arabia on Sunday will lift the world’s only ban on women driving.

The move is a milestone for Saudi women who have had to rely on drivers, male relatives, taxis, or ride-hailing services to get around.

Earlier this month, Saudi Arabia’s government began issuing licenses to women who already held driving licenses from other countries, including Britain, Lebanon and Canada. The women took a brief driving test before receiving their new licenses.

However, most women in the country do not yet have driver’s licenses. Many women have not had a chance to take driving courses that have been only offered for a few months.

Bloomberg news agency said its interviews with Saudi women show the majority are conflicted about the new development, both being excited to drive but also wanting to respect their culture. Women say it will likely take some time for society to adapt to the change.