**官员：基地组织领导人的通信使美国发出防恐警告**

美国媒体报道说，美国情报部门截获了基地组织首领扎瓦希里与基地组织也门分支负责人之间的通讯内容，这一事态促使奥巴马政府关闭了20几个美国使领馆，并发布了世界范围的旅行警告。

报道说，在阿拉伯半岛的扎瓦希里命令乌哈伊什最早在刚刚过去的这个星期天发动袭击。乌哈伊什最近被扎瓦希里提升为基地组织的第二号首领。

分析人士说，截获的通讯内容显示，由于基地组织的核心已被大大削弱，扎瓦希里目前是通过基地组织的地区分支进行操纵。

在关闭一整天后，一些美国大使馆星期一重新开放，其中包括阿尔及尔、巴格达、达卡和喀布尔。其他19个使领馆继续关闭，包括安曼、开罗、萨那和的黎波里。

美国国务院说，继续关闭19个大使馆是“出于极其谨慎”的考虑。国务院发言人玛丽•哈尔夫说，官员们将在对安全需要进行评估时继续对情报进行分析。

Officials: Al-Qaida Chief's Orders Led to US Terror Alert

U.S. media reports say intercepted communications between al-Qaida leader Ayman al-Zawahri and the head of the terrorist group's offshoot in Yemen prompted the Obama administration to close dozens of U.S. diplomatic posts and issue a worldwide travel alert.

The reports said that al-Zawahri ordered Nasir al-Wuhayshi, the leader of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, to carry out an attack as early as this past Sunday. Al-Wuhayshi was recently elevated by al-Zawahri as al-Qaida's second-ranked leader.

Analysts say the communications indicate that al-Zawahri is working through al-Qaida's regional affiliates now that the core group has been substantially weakened.

Some embassies were reopened Monday after a day-long shutdown, including posts in Algiers, Baghdad, Dhaka, and Kabul. Nineteen others will stay closed including Amman, Cairo and Sanaa, and Tripoli.

The State Department says it is keeping the 19 embassies closed "out of an abundance of caution." Spokeswoman Marie Harf says officials will keep analyzing intelligence as it evaluates security needs.


*菲律宾新近获得美国军舰后保证加强海上巡逻*

菲律宾总统阿基诺承诺该国在获得第二艘美国退役军舰后将加强海上巡航。

阿基诺星期二在迎接3250吨的美国海岸警卫队退役巡逻舰“艾卡拉兹号”正式驶进苏比克湾的前美军基地时发表了上述讲话。美军曾在苏比克湾设有海军基地。

阿基诺没有提及中国。但中菲两国在资源丰富的南中国海海域存有领海争议。

这是美国向菲律宾捐赠的第二艘军舰。和邻国相比，菲律宾海军军力较弱。

Philippines Promises More Sea Patrols with Newly Acquired US Warship

Philippines President Benigno Aquino is promising enhanced maritime patrols following the arrival of a second decommissioned warship from the United States.

President Aquino made his comments Tuesday at a ceremony that saw the 3,250-ton cutter, renamed the BRP Ramon Alcaraz, officially dock at a former U.S. naval base, Subic Bay.

Mr. Aquino's speech did not mention China, which is involved in a bitter territorial dispute with the Philippines over a resource-rich area in the South China Sea.

It is the second warship recently donated by the U.S. to Manila, which does not have a strong navy compared to many of its neighbors.