**日本防卫厅文件主张加强军力**

日本防卫省建议加强军力，以抗衡来自中国和朝鲜的日益增大的威胁。

日本防卫省星期五发表的文件说，日本应当加强侦查能力，并考虑使用无人机或无人驾驶侦察车，以便在任何时间监视太平洋海域的活动。

日本防卫厅的文件还敦促建立一支两栖海军陆战队，以保卫东海的有争议岛屿，并使其具有进攻外国基地的能力。

日本首相安倍晋三的政府将基于这份报告，在今年年底之前拟定国家纲领。

Japan Defense Paper Calls for Strengthen Military

Japan's defense ministry is recommending that the capability of the military be strengthened to deter increasing threats from China and North Korea.

A defense paper released Friday said Japan should increase its surveillance capability and consider using drones or unmanned surveillance vehicles that would be operational at all times to monitor activities in the Pacific.

The paper also called for the creation of an amphibious marine force to defend disputed islands in the East China Sea, including the ability to attack foreign bases.

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government will use the report as a basis for national guidelines scheduled to be compiled by the end of the year.


*美俄安全机构商议斯诺登问题*

俄罗斯说，该国安全机构已经和美国对等部门就前美国国家安全局合同雇员斯诺登的相关事宜进行了磋商。不过，俄罗斯表示，不会将斯诺登引渡回美国接受间谍罪指控。

俄罗斯总统办公室发言人星期五说，俄罗斯联邦安全局和美国联邦调查局正在进行磋商，但没有就此透露更多细节。这位发言人表示，俄方不会将斯诺登交给美国。

今年30岁的斯诺登一直在莫斯科国际机场的转机区滞留，并试图向不同国家申请政治庇护，以免回国受审。由于美国政府吊销了他的护照，使他难以离开俄罗斯。

斯诺登要求俄罗斯为他提供临时庇护，但表示他最终希望前往拉美。左翼人士执政的委内瑞拉、玻利维亚和尼加拉瓜已经表示要为他提供庇护。

本星期稍早，曾有多家媒体报导说，斯诺登已经获得必要的文件，可以离开机场正式进入俄罗斯。但斯诺登的律师说，该案的审议时间超过预期，斯诺登目前仍在机场滞留。

斯诺登上个月向外界泄露了美国国家安全局利用电话和因特网实施监控的计划。美国国安部门声称，监控是为了反恐。

斯诺登的泄密引发美国国会关于国安监控项目的辩论。不过，本星期众议院以微弱多数的投票结果否决了削减监控项目的提案。监控项目的支持者说，这类项目收集的数据对于维护国土安全至关重要。

US, Russian Security Agencies Talking About Snowden

Russia says its security agency is talking with its U.S. counterpart about American intelligence leaker Edward Snowden, but vowed that it would not expel him to the United States to face espionage charges.

Russia's presidential spokesman said Friday that officials from Moscow's FSB agency are in discussions with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, but gave no other details, other than to say that Snowden would not be handed over to American authorities.

The 30-year-old Snowden has been encamped for a month in the transit zone of Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport, while searching for a country that would grant him asylum so he could avoid returning to the U.S. to stand trial on the pending espionage charges. But his quick path out of the country was blocked after the U.S. revoked his passport.

The former U.S. intelligence contractor has asked Russia for temporary asylum but says he eventually wants to head to Latin America. The leftist governments of Venezuela, Bolivia and Nicaragua have offered him asylum.

Numerous news agencies in Russia reported Wednesday that Snowden was about to be handed documents that would have allowed him to leave the airport transit zone and formally enter Russia. But Snowden's Russian lawyer said that consideration of his case was taking longer than expected and that the fugitive would continue to live at the airport.

Snowden last month leaked secret details of telephone and Internet surveillance programs being conducted by the U.S.'s clandestine National Security Agency. The NSA says it is collecting the data to thwart terrorist attacks.

Snowden's disclosures have sparked a debate in Congress over the extent of the surveillance. But the House of Representatives this week narrowly defeated an attempt to curtail it, with supporters of the spying arguing that the data collection is necessary to protect the country.