埃及穆斯林兄弟会号召周五大规模抗议“政变”

埃及穆斯林兄弟会呼吁星期五举行大规模抗议，反对军方罢黜奉行伊斯兰教义的穆尔西总统。

一个伊斯兰主义政党联盟呼吁全国各地民众在做过祈祷后举行和平抗议活动。穆斯林兄弟会是这个联盟的成员。

在埃及连续数日爆发反政府抗议后，军方迫使穆尔西下台，此后埃及各地街道上的大部分民众显示出欢庆情绪。

穆尔西下台后，首席法官曼苏尔星期四宣誓就任临时总统。穆斯林兄弟会随即表示拒绝接受。

穆斯林兄弟会的自由正义党外交委员会成员伊斯兰•阿卜杜勒-拉赫曼对美国之音说，他所在组织将不会参与由军方领导的政治进程。

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Calls Mass Protests Against 'Coup'

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood called for mass protests Friday against the military-backed ouster of President Mohamed Morsi.

The Brotherhood is part of an alliance of Islamist parties calling for peaceful protests to follow afternoon prayers across the country.

Until now, the atmosphere on the streets has been largely celebratory since Mr. Morsi was forced out by the military following large opposition protests.

He was replaced by Adly Mansour, a top judge who was sworn in Thursday as interim president -- a move that was quickly rejected by the Brotherhood.

Islam Abdel-Rahman, who is on the the foreign affairs committee of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party, tells VOA that his group will not take part in any military-led political process.

**梵蒂冈将教宗约翰•保罗二世封圣**

梵蒂冈说，已故教宗约翰•保罗二世将被册封为罗马天主教圣人。

天主教会官方星期五宣布，教宗方济已经批将8年前离世的波兰裔教宗保罗圣人身份。教宗还决定册封教宗约翰二十三世为圣人，他在罗马天主教会五年重组时期担任教宗，直至1963年逝世。

教宗保罗二世在其担任教宗的27年任内享有极高的声望。梵蒂冈的一份声明说，“他对年轻人的爱推动他创立了世界青年节。”他还因鼓励与包括犹太教在内的其他宗教代表对话而备受称赞。

教宗保罗二世的继承人是德国裔教宗本笃，他今年早些时候辞职。继任教宗方济曾担任阿根廷红衣主教。这三位教宗改变了数百年来罗马天主教教宗均为意大利人的历史。

梵蒂冈赞扬已故教宗约翰二十三世为“和蔼”、“温柔、富于进取和勇敢精神。”二战期间，约翰二十三世帮助把战俘的消息传递给他们的家人。

梵蒂冈没有透露封圣典礼的时间。不过有报道说，典礼或在年底前举行。

Vatican OKs Sainthood for Pope John Paul II

The Vatican says the late Pope John Paul the Second will be made a saint of the Roman Catholic Church.

Church officials announced on Friday that Pope Francis has approved sainthood for the Polish-born pontiff, who died eight years ago. The pope also decided to canonize Pope John the 23rd, who led the church during a five-year period of reorganization, until 1963.

Pope John Paul was extremely popular during his 27-year papacy. A Vatican statement says his "love for young people brought him to establish World Youth Days." He is also credited for encouraging dialogue with representatives of other religions, including Jews.

Pope John Paul was succeeded by Pope Benedict, a German cleric who resigned earlier this year and was replaced by Pope Francis, who had been a cardinal in Argentina. The three popes were the first non-Italians elected to lead the world's Roman Catholics in hundreds of years.

The Vatican paid tribute to the late Pope John the 23rd as "meek," "gentle, enterprising and courageous." During World War Two, he was instrumental in helping to get news from prisoners of war to their families.

There is no word yet on when they will be canonized, or consecrated as saints, but it has been reported the ceremonies could be scheduled before the end of this year.