**美俄外长：日内瓦会晤可能帮助重启叙利亚和谈**

美国国务卿克里说，他和俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫就结束叙利亚化学武器计划举行了“富有建设性的会谈”。

两位领导人星期五跟联合国叙利亚特使卜拉希米在日内瓦会晤。他们讨论了俄罗斯提出的一项有关如何将叙利亚的化学武器置于国际社会的监控，避免美国军事打击的计划。稍后，克里会晤了联合国秘书长潘基文。

克里说，他跟拉夫罗夫同意做“家庭作业”，争取叙利亚交战各方就成立过渡政府召开会议。

克里说，“我们双方都同意做这项家庭作业，然后在联合国大会召开期间，于9月28日左右在纽约再次会晤，届时将看看是否有可能确定举行那个会议的日期。”

Kerry, Lavrov Say Geneva Meeting Could Help Revive Syria Peace Talks

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says he and his Russian counterpart, Sergei Lavrov, have held "constructive" talks on ending Syria's chemical weapons program.

The two leaders met Friday with U.N. Syria envoy Lakhdar Brahimi in Geneva. They discussed a Russian plan on how to put Syria's chemical weapons under international control and avert a U.S. military strike. Kerry later met with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.

Kerry says he and Lavrov have agreed to do "homework" as part of a bid to get Syria's warring factions to a conference on a transitional government.

"We both agreed to do that homework and meet again in New York around the time of the U.N. General Assembly, around the 28th, in order to see if it is possible then to find a date for that conference."

印度轮奸案四人被判死刑

印度一家法庭作出裁决，判处四名男子绞刑。这四名被告去年年底在新德里一辆公交车上轮奸一名年轻女性并致其死亡。

法官康纳在星期五的裁决中说，这项处罚属于“罕见的死刑量刑中最为罕见的”案例。

法官宣读死刑判决时，其中一名被告当场泪流满面。

受害人父亲说，女儿得到了公正，他感到欣慰。

时年23岁的受害女子去年12月遭到被告强奸和铁棍殴打，然后被抛出车外。之后，这名受害女子被送到新加坡一家医院接受治疗，两个星期后伤重不治身亡。

这名女子的遭遇，在印度各地引发了有关印度妇女地位、待遇的愤怒抗议，并导致印度性侵犯法律的修改。

4 Men Sentenced to Death in India Gang Rape

A court in India has sentenced to death by hanging four men convicted in the fatal gang rape of a young woman on a bus in New Delhi late last year.

In his ruling Friday, Judge Yogesh Khanna said the crime falls under the "rarest of rare" category warranting death.

One of the four men broke down in tears as the sentence was read.

The father of the victim said he was relieved that his daughter had gotten justice.

The 23-year-old victim was raped and assaulted with an iron bar in December. Her male companion was also beaten before both were thrown off the bus. The woman died of her injuries two weeks after the attack in a Singapore hospital, where she had been taken for treatment.

The woman's attack set off furious protests across India about the treatment of women in the country and led to an overhaul of India's sexual assault laws.