*联合国求援65亿美元帮助叙利亚人*

联合国要求各方向数百万叙利亚人提供65亿美元援助，这些叙利亚人在内战中被迫逃离家园。叙利亚的内战已经持续了两年半以上。

联合国人道主义事务协调员瓦莱丽•阿莫斯说，其中23亿美元需要帮助在叙利亚境内流离失所的人。余下的援助必须用来帮助逃到土耳其、黎巴嫩以及该地区其它地方的叙利亚难民。

联合国估计，叙利亚人口中大约有40%因战争而被迫逃离家园。

联合国去年曾寻求44亿美元帮助叙利亚民众，不过联合国说，联合国只从捐助方收到了这个数目的大约三分之二。

与此同时，联合国正在从伊拉克向叙利亚北部空运人道援助物资，那里经受战争煎熬的人们正在应对严寒天气。

目前运送物资的飞机正在给当地运去食品、毯子和卫生用品。

UN Asks for $6.5 Billion to Help Syrians

The United Nations is asking for $6.5 billion in aid to help the millions of Syrians forced from their homes by more than two and a half years of fighting.

U.N. humanitarian chief Valerie Amos said $2.3 billion of that amount is needed for those displaced in Syria. The rest is necessary to help Syrian refugees in Turkey, Lebanon and elsewhere in the region.

The U.N. estimates about 40 percent of Syria's population has been forced from their homes by the fighting.

The U.N. asked for $4.4 billion to help Syrians last year, but says it only received about two-thirds of that amount from donors.

Meanwhile, the U.N. is flying humanitarian aid from Iraq to northern Syria, where people affected by the fighting are dealing with harsh winter conditions.

The aid flights are delivering food, blankets and health supplies.


**法国为中非共和国请求更多帮助**

法国向欧洲国家寻求更多的帮助，争取恢复中非共和国的安全。

法国外长法比尤斯说，星期一，他将在布鲁塞尔举行的会议上向欧盟各国外长提出增加援助的请求。

法比尤斯星期日在接受电台采访时说，新增援助可包括其它国家也向中非共和国派兵。法国已经向中非共和国派遣了1600名官兵。这是联合国批准的行动的一部分，目的是恢复当地安全并保护平民。

法比尤斯说，目前有几个国家正在提供后勤支援，包括英国、德国、西班牙、波兰和比利时。

今年3月，以穆斯林为主的塞雷卡运动反政府武装推翻了总统，中非共和国随后陷入混乱。

联合国秘书长潘基文上星期说，中非共和国的暴力已经把国家带到“毁灭的边缘”。

France Seeks More Help for C.A.R.

France is seeking more help from European nations in the effort to restore security in the Central African Republic.

French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius says he will ask his European Union counterparts for more aid at a meeting Monday in Brussels.

He said in a radio interview Sunday that increased assistance could include other nations providing troops to the Central African Republic. France has deployed 1,600 troops there as part of a United Nations-mandated effort to restore security and protect civilians.

Fabius said several countries are providing logistical help, including Britain, Germany, Spain, Poland and Belgium.

The Central African Republic descended into chaos after the rebel, mostly Muslim, Seleka movement toppled the president in March.

United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week that the violence has taken the country to "the brink of ruin."