*联合国小组：气候变暖极可能是人类造成的*

联合国政府间气候变化小组说，该组织比以往任何时候都更加确信人类活动是造成全球气候变暖的主要原因。该组织预测，全球气温将在本世纪继续上升。

联合国政府间气候变化小组在星期五的报告中用迄今为止最强烈的措辞指出，人类活动“极有可能”造成了气候变暖。

在2007年的报告中，该小组曾表示气候暖化“很有可能”是人为因素造成的。

报告的主要撰写人表示，报告发现全球大气和海洋温度仍在上升，地球冰雪消融，海平面持续升高，大气层温室气体浓度在增加。

联合国政府间气候变化小组预计，2100年前，地球平均温度将升高0点3到4点8摄氏度，海平面将升高26至82厘米。

UN Panel: Warming 'Extremely Likely' Man-Made

A United Nations panel said it is more certain than ever humans are a dominant cause of global warming and predicted temperatures would continue to rise this century.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said Friday it is "extremely likely", its strongest words yet, that humans are largely responsible for global warming.

In its last report in 2007, IPCC said it was "very likely" global warming was man-made.

The co-chair of the group that wrote the new report said it has found that the atmosphere and ocean have warmed, snow and ice have diminished, the global mean sea level has risen and the concentration of greenhouse gases has increased.

The U.N. panel predicted that global average temperatures would rise by 0.3 to 4.8 degrees Celsius by 2100 with sea levels rising by 26 to 82 centimeters.

**肯尼亚扣押商厦袭击案8名嫌疑人**


肯尼亚官员说，他们还扣押着涉嫌跟内罗毕商厦袭击事件有关的8个人。

肯尼亚内务部长伦库星期五对记者说，当局已经释放了三个嫌疑人。

肯尼亚当局本星期早些时候说，军队和警察重新控制商厦时击毙了5名激进分子嫌疑人。

官方公布的死亡人数为72人。

调查人员继续在部分倒台的商厦废墟内搜寻尸体。肯尼亚红十字会星期五说，有59人失踪。

伦库说，现场没有发现更多尸体。

总部设在索马里的伊斯兰激进组织青年党声称对肯尼亚商厦袭击事件负责，并威胁要对肯尼亚发动新的袭击。

青年党星期五在推特上说， 对商厦的攻击只是“第一幕的初次公演”。


Kenya Holding 8 Suspects In Mall Attack

Kenyan authorities say they are still holding eight people in connection with the deadly four-day siege at a Nairobi shopping mall.

Interior Minister Joseph Ole Lenku told reporters Friday that authorities have released three other suspects.

Earlier this week, officials said five suspected militants were killed as troops and police worked to regain control of the Westgate mall.

The official total death toll from the siege stands at 72.

Investigators continue to sift through the wreckage at the partially collapsed mall. On Friday, the Kenyan Red Cross said 59 people remain missing following the attack.

Lenku said no additional bodies have been recovered from the site.


The Somalia-based al-Shabab extremist group claimed responsibility for the attack and is vowing to carry out other acts of violence against Kenya.

On Twitter Friday, the militant group said its attack on the Westgate mall was "just the premiere of Act 1."