《花花公子》创始人海夫纳去世

《花花公子》杂志创始人休·海夫纳去世，享年91岁。

海夫纳1953年创办《花花公子》，创刊号封面刊载了当红影星玛丽莲·梦露的裸照。《花花公子》杂志推动了公众对性的看法的变革，上世纪70年代鼎盛时期订户超过700万。

《花花公子》公司说，海夫纳星期三在位于洛杉矶的花花公子豪宅中去世，是自然死亡。

创办杂志后，《花花公子》打出品牌，逐渐发展为一个多媒体王国，曾包括在20个国家发行的《花花公子》杂志，夜总会、赌场、有线电视台和制片公司。除了裸体照片外，包括雷·布莱伯利、约翰·厄普代克、弗拉基米尔·纳博科夫和乔伊斯·卡罗尔·欧茨等著名作家都曾在《花花公子》杂志上发表文章。

海夫纳本人曾参加过一个名叫“邻家女孩”的真人秀，这档节目先后播放五年，向观众展示了海夫纳的妻子和一些杂志模特在《花花公子》豪宅里的生活。

海夫纳以身着丝绸睡衣和天鹅绒外套，嘴里叼着烟斗，以及他享乐主义的生活方式和花花公子豪宅里的派对著称。

海夫纳曾有过三次婚姻，生了四个孩子。

Playboy Founder Hugh Hefner Dies

Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner has died at the age of 91.

He launched Playboy in 1953 with an issue that featured nude photos of actress and model Marilyn Monroe, and helped push along a revolution in views on sex as the magazine reached a peak of more than 7 million subscribers by the 1970s.

The company said Hefner died Wednesday of natural causes at his Playboy Mansion home in Los Angeles.

Beyond the magazine, the Playboy brand expanded into a multimedia empire that at various times included editions of the magazine in 20 countries, night clubs, casinos, a cable network and a film production company. In addition to nude pictures, the magazine also included writing from famous authors such as Ray Bradbury, John Updike, Vladimir Nabokov and Joyce Carol Oates.

Hefner himself starred for a five years in a reality TV show called "The Girls Next Door," which followed his life at the Playboy Mansion along with some of the magazine models who lived at the site.

He was known for his style of silk pajamas paired with a smoking jacket and a pipe, and a hedonistic lifestyle that went along with the parties at his mansion.

Hefner was married three times and had four children.

美国将大幅度减少难民接收人数

美国政府不顾人道主义团体要求美国接纳更多难民的呼吁，计划在今后一年内大幅度减少接收难民的人数。

白宫星期三向国会提交报告说，明年计划最多接纳4万5千名难民，是30多年来的最低水平。

美国前总统奥巴马曾提议，在下个财政年度接收11万难民，是川普政府计划的两倍多。

预计川普今后几天内将正式宣布这一决定。新的难民接收上限将于星期天新财政年度开始时生效，4万5千名难民的限额是美国1980年设立难民项目以来的最低点。

在星期六晚上结束的2017财政年度中，美国约接收了5万4千名难民。在前总统奥巴马任期最后一年，2016财政年度中，共有8万4千995名难民进入美国。

移民专家说，4万5千人是上限，2018财政年度实际接收的难民人数可能远远低于上限。

川普的这一决定受到了援助团体的强烈批评。他们指出，世界上很多地方的难民危机不仅没有改善，反而有所恶化，其中包括叙利亚、缅甸和南苏丹。

美国政府官员说，川普的这一决定有助于提升国家安全，让美国有效甄别和接纳难民。

联合国难民事务高级专员公署的统计数字显示，去年全球共有2250万难民，这一估计数字不包括因战争、政治动荡或其它暴力冲突，极度贫困或自然灾害而在国内迁移的人群。

US to Dramatically Reduce Refugee Admissions

President Donald Trump's administration plans to dramatically reduce the number of refugees allowed into the United States during the coming year.

The White House announced in a report to Congress Wednesday that the U.S. plans to admit no more than 45,000 refugees during the year ahead - the smallest number in more than 35 years.

Former President Barack Obama had proposed a refugee allotment more than twice as great - 110,000 - during the next 12 months.

Trump is expected to formally announce the new refugee allowment plan during the coming days. The new limit of 45,000 refugee admissions would be in effect during the U.S. fiscal year that begins Sunday. It is lower than limits set in any year since the U.S. refugee program was established in 1980.

A full-year total of refugee admissions for fiscal 2017, which ends Saturday night, is expected to be about 54,000. During fiscal 2016, the last full year of Obama's two terms as president, the U.S. welcomed 84,995 refugees.

Immigration experts noted the 45,000 figure is a "cap," or maximum number of refugees that can be admitted during the next 12 months, and they said the number of refugees actually admitted by September 30, 2018, could be substantially lower.

Trump's decision was sharply criticized by aid groups, whose representatives pointed to refugee crises that have worsened, not improved, in many parts of the world, including Syria, Myanmar and South Sudan.

Administration officials said Trump's new cap on numbers admitted will advance national security and the United States' capacity to properly screen and take in refugees.

Worldwide, there were 22.5 million refugees last year, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, and that estimate does not include many more people who were internally displaced - forced to leave their homes and move to different parts of their home countries, due to wars, political upheaval or other violence, extreme poverty or natural disasters.