俄战机在波罗的海上空逼近美军飞机

一位美国官员星期二告诉美国之音说，俄罗斯一架武装战斗机在波罗的海上空逼近一架美军军用飞机，距离只有几米远。

美国五角大楼说，美军RC-135侦察机星期一在国际空域遭到了一家俄罗斯苏-27战斗机非专业的“拦截”。

美国国防部女发言人，陆军中校米歇尔·巴尔丹扎星期二告诉美国之音说，“拦截过程中由于接近速度太快，而且飞机开得不稳，所以这次互动被认为是不安全的。”

她补充说，这次行动很可能对双方所有机组人员造成严重的伤害。

五角大楼官员强调说，美国侦察机没有任何挑衅俄罗斯战斗机的行为。

美国国防部女发言人巴尔丹扎说：“俄罗斯军队在国际空域可以行使自己的权利，但是必须尊重为确保安全，防止意外事件发生的国际行为标准。”

国际空域常会发生军机近距离相遇的情况，但是有关官员说，美国军用飞机遇到的大多数这类相遇的情况都是以安全的方式进行的。

Russian Plane Comes within Meters of US Jet Flying Over Baltic Sea

An armed Russian fighter jet came within just a few meters of a U.S. military plane flying over the Baltic Sea, an official told VOA Tuesday.

The Pentagon said the American plane, an RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft, was unprofessionally "intercepted" in international airspace on Monday by a Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter jet.

"Due to the high rate of closure speed and poor control of the aircraft during the intercept, this interaction was determined to be unsafe," Defense Department spokeswoman Army Lt. Col. Michelle Baldanza told VOA Tuesday.

She added that the action had the potential to cause serious harm and injury to all air crews involved.

Pentagon officials stressed that the American reconnaissance plane "did nothing to provoke" the Russian jet's behavior.

"The Russian military is within its right to exercise within international airspace, but they must respect international standards set to ensure safety and prevent accidents," Baldanza said.

Close encounters take place on a regular basis among military aircraft operating in international areas. The vast majority of encounters with American military planes are conducted in a safe manner, officials said.

沙特国王立儿子为王储

沙特国王萨勒姆立31岁的儿子穆罕默德·本·萨勒姆为王储，使他成为沙特第一王位继承人，同时担任国防大臣的职务，并肩负着调整沙特经济的重任。

沙特通讯社星期三发布了一系列政令，宣布上述决定。

政令说，沙特国王萨勒姆的侄子，前王储穆罕默德·本·纳伊夫被解除包括内政大臣在内的一切职务。

原来是副王储的穆罕默德·本·萨勒姆，如今将同时成为沙特副首相。

31岁的穆罕默德·本·萨勒姆一直负责由沙特领导的联盟，帮助也门政府跟伊朗支持的胡塞反政府武装作战。

沙特官方媒体星期三说，上述调整得到了沙特效忠委员会34个王室成员里31人的同意。

沙特国王萨勒姆是2015年在他同父异母的兄长阿卜杜拉国王去世后登基的。

Saudi King Elevates Son to Crown Prince

Saudi Arabia's King Salman has promoted his 31-year-old son Mohammed bin Salman to crown prince, making him next in line to the throne while also serving as defense minister and overseeing an effort to overhaul the country's economy.

The move was announced Wednesday through decrees issued by the state-run SPA news agency.

The former crown prince and nephew of King Salman, Mohammed bin Nayef, was relieved of all of his positions including the role of interior minister, the decrees said.

Mohammed bin Salman, who had been the deputy crown prince, will also now be Saudi Arabia's deputy prime minister.

The 31-year-old has been in charge of the Saudi-led coalition fighting on behalf of Yemen's government in a war against Iran-backed Houthi rebels.

Saudi state media said Wednesday's changes were approved by 31 of the 34 members of the royal family who make up what is known as the Allegiance Council.

King Salman came to power in 2015 following the death of his half-brother, King Abdullah.