英法保证向加勒比海飓风灾区提供更多帮助

紧急救援人员和国民警卫队努力寻找被飓风艾玛困在佛罗里达群岛上的灾民。与此同时，法国和英国保证，要向加勒比海法属和英属地区提供更多的支援。

法国总统马卡龙星期三前往圣马丁和圣巴泰勒米岛视察。一天前，马卡龙在瓜德罗普承认，有人认为法国提供的帮助不够，因此感到气愤。马卡龙保证要向受灾的岛屿提供更多供给和保安部队。

英国外交大臣约翰逊星期三在安圭拉和英属维京群岛视察，这两个岛屿上周都受到了5级飓风艾玛的重创。约翰逊也表示，更多的安全部队和“大量供给”马上就到，他预计英国首相特蕾莎·梅星期三将宣布提供更多的援助。

联合国正向安提瓜岛、圣马丁岛以及特克斯和凯科斯群岛空运食物和最基本的救灾物资。

飓风艾玛在加勒比海造成至少37人丧生，对各岛屿造成重大破坏，其中包括巴布达岛，那里的居民已经全部撤离到安提瓜。

美国佛罗里达州据信有12人死于飓风艾玛，乔治亚州和南卡罗莱纳州也共有6人丧生。

佛罗里达群岛是美国受灾最严重的地区。除了搜救工作外，国民警卫队还在努力清理道路和机场跑道，以便救命的供给物资可以顺利运达。

美国联邦紧急事务管理署负责人布洛克·朗说，据初步估计，四分之一的建筑都摧毁，65%受到了严重破坏。

布洛克·朗说：“总的来说，群岛上的每一栋房子都多多少少受到了影响。”

After Irma, Slow Restoration of Services as Leaders Pledge More Help

Emergency workers and National Guard troops are working to find those left stranded in the Florida Keys by Hurricane Irma, while France and Britain pledge to boost their response to those hit by the storms in their territories in the Caribbean.

French President Emmanuel Macron is visiting Saint Martin and Saint Barthelemy on Wednesday, a day after arriving in Guadeloupe where he acknowledged the angry response some people have to what they see as inadequate help from France. Macron promised more supplies and security forces for the islands.

British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is touring Wednesday in Anguilla and the British Virgin Islands, two places that took hard hits from Irma last week when it was a powerful Category 5 storm. He also said more security forces and "huge quantities of supplies" were coming, and that he expects Prime Minister Theresa May to announce further aid on Wednesday.

The United Nations is airlifting food and other vital relief to the islands of Antigua, St. Martin, and the Turks and Caicos.

The hurricane killed at least 37 people in the Caribbean and devastated the islands, including Barbuda, which has evacuated all of its citizens to Antigua.

A further 12 deaths have been linked to Irma in the U.S. state of Florida, and a total of six others in Georgia and South Carolina.

The Florida Keys were the hardest-hit area on the U.S. mainland. In addition to rescue operations there, National Guard troops are also working to clear roads and runways in order to allow deliveries of life-saving supplies to the island chain.

The head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Brock Long, said that according to preliminary estimates, 25 percent of homes were destroyed and 65 percent sustained major damage.

"Basically, every house in the Keys was impacted in some way or another," Long said.

完成联合国健康目标 新加坡、冰岛和瑞典走在最前面

世界上60%以上的国家预计可以完成一部分联合国2030年可持续发展目标，其中包括降低母婴死亡率和减少死于疟疾的人数。然而，只有不到5%的国家预计可以完成减少超重儿童、减少肺结核患者数量和减少交通事故死亡人数的目标。

这是星期三发表在英国《柳叶刀》期刊上的一份研究得出的结论。研究对188个国家跟健康有关的可持续发展目标进行了分析。联合国在2015年峰会上采纳了范围广泛的17项发展目标，包括改善健康和教育、消灭贫穷、与气候变化做斗争、让城市更具可持续性，以及保护海洋和森林。

在健康领域内，新加坡、冰岛和瑞典表现最好。索马里、中非共和国和阿富汗排名最后。北欧和其它欧洲国家、澳大利亚、加拿大、安提瓜和巴布达排在前20名，美国排名24。

这份报告是美国的比尔及梅琳达·盖茨基金会出资的。报告说，研究结果有助于指导政策的制定，解决长期存在的和正在出现的健康挑战。

美国华盛顿大学健康指标与评估研究所所长默里是这项研究的主要作者。

默里在《柳叶刀》的报告中说：“中国、柬埔寨和其它一些中低收入国家在改善人民生活上的成果应该得到认可，这些成果体现在显著降低5岁以下儿童死亡率，减低新生儿死亡率，疫苗普及、降低产妇死亡率和死于疟疾的人数上。”

这项报告的发表正赶在72届联合国大会开幕。

World's Nations Make Progress on Some, But Not All, Health Goals

More than 60 percent of the world's nations are expected to meet some of their health targets in the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by 2030. They include reducing child and maternal deaths and deaths from malaria. However, fewer than five percent are projected to meet their targets on reducing the number of overweight children, tuberculosis infections and traffic deaths.

The news comes in a report published Wednesday by the British journal The Lancet that analyzed health-related Sustainable Development Goals in 188 countries. The 17 wide-ranging goals spearheaded by the U.N. focus on improving health and education, ending poverty, combating climate change, making cities more sustainable and protecting oceans and forests.

Singapore, Iceland and Sweden were the highest performing countries in the health-related goals. Somalia, Central African Republic and Afghanistan ranked lowest. Nordic and other European countries plus Australia, Canada, Antigua and Barbuda rank in the top 20. The U.S. ranks 24th.

The report, which was funded by the U.S. Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, said the findings should help shape policies in order to address long-standing and emerging health challenges.

Dr. Christopher Murray, director of the Institute of Health Metrics Evaluation and a professor of global health at the University of Washington, was the lead author.

Murray said in The Lancet: "China, Cambodia and many other middle and low-income nations deserve recognition for improving their citizens’ lives, as evidenced by impressive improvements in under-five mortality, neonatal mortality, vaccine coverage, maternal mortality, and malaria.”

The report was prepared ahead of the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly, beginning in New York later this month.