蒂勒森抵达日本开启三国访问之行

美国国务卿蒂勒森星期三访问日本，作为他三国之行的第一站。他此行希望安抚盟友，并讨论对抗来自朝鲜的核武器及导弹威胁的方法。

他的行程规划包括在星期四与日本首相安倍晋三以及外务大臣岸田文雄会面。

他星期五将赴韩国，与代理总统黄教安和外长尹炳世见面，但不打算在韩国会见任何将在5月竞选总统的反对派成员。

日本和韩国都有美国驻军，都位于朝鲜导弹的射程范围内。日本和韩国支持美国对朝鲜增加外交和经济压力的努力。美国海军第七舰队发布声明称，美日韩三个盟国为了促进协作能力，于星期三在朝鲜半岛以东、日本以北的海域进行军事演习。

蒂勒森此行的最后一站是中国，他的首要目标是与中国领导人习近平见面，为4月初美国总统川普与习近平在佛罗里达州的会面做准备。

Tillerson Beginning Three-Nation Tour in Japan

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson begins a three-nation trip Wednesday in Japan as he seeks to reassure allies and discuss ways to counter nuclear and missile threats from North Korea.

His schedule includes meetings Thursday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida.

He goes Friday to South Korea for talks with acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn and Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se, but is not scheduled to meet with any opposition figures in the country that is holding elections for a new leader in May.

Japan and South Korea, which host U.S. troops and are already within range of North Korean missiles, support U.S. efforts to increase diplomatic and economic pressure on Pyongyang. A statement by the U.S. Navy's 7th Fleet said the three allies were conducting drills Wednesday in seas east of the divided Korean Peninsula and north of Japan to promote interoperability.

The final leg of Tillerson's trip is in China where his chief objective is meeting with President Xi Jinping to lay the groundwork for a summit between Xi and U.S. President Donald Trump, which is expected to take place in early April in Florida.

马来西亚：基因检测确认被刺男子就是金正男

一位马来西亚官员说，当局通过基因检测，确认被刺杀的男子是朝鲜领导人金正恩的同父异母长兄金正男。

马来西亚副总理哈米迪星期三说，检测使用了从金正男一个子女身上取得的基因抽样。

金正男2月13号在吉隆坡机场遇刺。马来西亚当局说，两名女子向金正男脸上泼洒VX神经毒剂。金正男20分钟后丧生。

朝鲜拒绝接受马来西亚的解剖结果，至今未说遇刺男子是金正男。

马来西亚当局对25岁的印尼人艾希亚和28岁的越南人段氏香提出谋杀指控，说她们就是保安监控视频显示的攻击金正男的那两名女子。

马来西亚称朝鲜策划了这次刺杀，并正在搜寻其他嫌疑人。

金正男与金正恩不和。据报道，金正男为了去东京迪斯尼乐园游览，2001年试图持假护照进入日本时被查出，随即在他父亲金正日那里失宠。

Malaysia: DNA Confirms Identity of Slain Kim Jong Nam

A Malaysian official says authorities have used DNA to confirm the identity of Kim Jon Nam, the murdered half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said Wednesday the test was done using a sample obtained from one of Kim Jong Nam's children.

Kim was attacked February 13 at an airport in Kuala Lumpur. Two women smeared what Malaysian authorities say was VX nerve agent on his face. He died 20 minutes later.

North Korea has rejected the autopsy, and so far has not stated that the man killed was Kim Jong Nam.

Authorities in Malaysia have charged 25-year-old Indonesian Siti Aisyah and 28-year-old Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong with murder for allegedly being the women seen in security camera video carrying out the attack.

Malaysia has blamed North Korea for organizing the killing and is seeking additional suspects in the case.

Kim Jong Nam was estranged from Kim Jong Un. He reportedly fell out of favor with their father, the late Kim Jong Il, in 2001, when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport to visit the Disneyland theme park in Tokyo.