美国务卿将访问莫斯科

美国国务院星期三宣布，国务卿蒂勒森将于下周在意大利出席七国集团外长会议后前往俄罗斯访问。

在外长会议4月11日结束后，蒂勒森将前往莫斯科会见俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫，讨论乌克兰、反恐努力和双边关系。

国务院代理发言人特纳在声明中表示：“这次出访是我们努力与俄罗斯高级官员保持直接沟通的一部分，并确保美国的意见得到明确的传达，包括明斯克协议实施的后续步骤。”

俄罗斯外交部确认了这次行程，并指出，这将是首次把蒂勒森作为川普政府最高外交官进行接待。

周三的声明同样列举了双方要讨论的问题，包括打击恐怖主义、叙利亚、朝鲜和其他一些问题。声明说：“乌克兰局势不容忽视，重点在于基辅需要遵守明斯克协议规定的义务。”

4月9日至11日在意大利卢卡举行的外长会议是川普总统将于下月出席的七国集团峰会的前奏。

Tillerson to Visit Moscow

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will travel to Russia after attending the G-7 Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Italy next week, the State Department announced Wednesday.

Following the conclusion of the meeting on April 11, Tillerson will travel to Moscow to meet with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov to discuss Ukraine, counterterrorism efforts, and bilateral relations.

"This trip is part of our effort to maintain direct lines of communication with senior Russian officials and to ensure U.S. views are clearly conveyed, including on next steps in Minsk implementation," Mark Toner, acting spokesperson for the State Department, said in the statement.

The Russian foreign ministry confirmed the trip, noting that it would be the first time it would host Tillerson as the top diplomat under the Trump administration.

The statement released Wednesday echoed the issues to be discussed, including the fight against terrorism, Syria, North Korea, and others. "The situation in Ukraine will not be overlooked, with an emphasis on the need for Kyiv to observe its obligations under the Minsk agreements," the statement read.

The G-7 meeting in Lucca, Italy April 9-11 is a precursor for the G-7 Leaders' Summit which President Donald Trump is slated to attend next month.

伊斯兰教信徒2060年前将挑战基督教徒人数

美国皮尤研究中心说，穆斯林人口很快将赶上全球信众最多的基督教徒。预计，穆斯林家庭较高的出生率将使穆斯林人口在2060年前增加到与基督徒相同的人数。

皮尤中心星期三发表的一项研究中表示，到2060年，穆斯林将占世界人口的31％，约有30亿人，而基督徒将占32％，即31亿人。

两年前皮尤中心的研究发现，伊斯兰教是世界上信众人数增长最快的宗教，到本世纪末可以超越基督教。这一分析基于来自世界各地的2,500个人口普查记录。

皮尤中心的专家说，这个数字也包括阪依人数，但表示，出生和死亡率对宗教人口的影响将会更大。

信仰其他宗教的人，如印度教徒和犹太人，预计到2060年总数将会增长，但不能随着人口总量的增长而增长。从目前的出生率看，无宗教信仰的人预计会减少。

Muslims Expected to Rival Christians for Most Believers by 2060

The Pew Research Center says Muslims are soon to rival Christians as the largest religious group worldwide, with higher birth rates among Muslim families predicted to increase the Muslim population to a number ties with Christians by 2060.

Pew said in a study released Wednesday that by 2060 Muslims will make up about 31 percent of the world population, with about 3 billion people, while Christians will make up about 32 percent, or 3.1 billion people.

A Pew study two years ago found that Islam is the world's fastest growing religion and could overtake Christianity by the end of this century. The analysis is based on 2,500 census, survey and population registers from around the world.

Pew experts say they allowed for conversion rates, but maintain that birth and death rates will have a far larger impact on religious populations.

Other religious groups such as Hindus and Jews are expected to grow to larger total numbers by 2060, but not at pace with total population growth. And the number of people who profess no religion is expected to shrink, given current birth rates.