美国大部分地区处于严寒之中

寒冷的天气笼罩了美国中部和东部地区，并将一直维持到新年。

天气预报警告说，气温将大大低于冰点，应注意防止身体失温和冻伤。美国国家气象局说，在明尼苏达州的国际瀑布城，最低气温跌至摄氏零下37度，打破了1924年摄氏零下32度的纪录。

在宾西法尼亚州西北部的伊利市，人们仍在努力从几天前降下的1.5米积雪中扒出汽车。气象预报说，马上还会有25公分的降雪。

在纽约，州长库默告诫居民和游客，注意防范危险的寒冷天气。数百万人计划新年前夕在纽约市的时报广场观看水晶球在倒数喊声中下落。

预计新年前夕的气温从美国中西部、东北各州、一直到南方的南北卡罗来纳两州，都将比通常低10度，包括大城市芝加哥、圣路易斯、纽约、华盛顿和亚特兰大。

2017年在严寒中结束之际，星期四推特上最热门的话题是：#ItsSoCold (真叫冷)。

Frigid Temperatures Blanket Most of US

Bitter cold weather has blanketed the Central and Eastern United States and it will stay in place for days into the new year.

Forecasters are warning people to be on alert for hypothermia and frostbite as the temperatures plunge below freezing. The National Weather Service reports that International Falls, Minnesota, plunged to minus 37 degrees Celsius, breaking the record of minus 32 degrees Celsius set in 1924.

Residents of Erie, Pennsylvania, on Thursday continued to dig out of the one-and-a-half meters of snow that fell earlier this week. Forecasters are predicting another 25 centimeters of snow to arrive soon.

In New York, Governor Andrew Cuomo warned residents and visitors to take precautions against the "dangerously cold weather" as millions prepare to pack into Times Square to see the crystal ball drop as they count down to the new year.

Temperatures on New Year’s Eve are expected to be close to 10 degrees below normal in the Midwest and from Northeastern states all the way south to the Carolinas. This includes large cities such as Chicago, St. Louis, New York, Washington and Atlanta.

As Americans cope with the frigid end to 2017, the Number One trending topic on Twitter Thursday was #ItsSoCold.

脸书关闭受美国制裁的车臣领导人账户

脸书公司说，它关闭了卡德罗夫的账户是由于这位得到克里姆林宫支持的车臣领导人是美国政府予以金融和旅行制裁的目标。

脸书在星期四的一份声明中说，它有关闭卡德罗夫在脸书和以及脸书拥有的Instagram账户的法律义务。美国财政部的海外资产办公室12月20号宣布对车臣领导卡德罗夫制裁。

目前不清楚脸书公司是否也在关闭其他被列入制裁名单者的账户。

脸书公司拒绝了自由欧洲电台和自由电台的采访要求。

Facebook Blocks Chechen Leader Kadyrov's Social-media Accounts Due to US Sanctions

Facebook says it has blocked the social-media accounts of Ramzan Kadyrov because the Kremlin-backed Chechen leader had become subject to financial and travel sanctions imposed by the U.S. government.

The company said in a statement Thursday it had the "legal obligation" to disable Kadyrov’s accounts on Facebook and Instagram, which it also owns, after the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) on December 20 hit the Chechen leader with sanctions.

It was not immediately clear if the social-media network was in the process of disabling accounts of others on the sanction lists.

Facebook declined requests from RFE/RL for further information.