媒体报道：三名美国大学生篮球运动员在中国被捕

美国媒体报道说，三名美国大学生篮球运动员在中国杭州因涉嫌在商店行窃被逮捕。

美国有线电视体育台ESPN星期三报道说，来自加利福尼亚大学洛杉矶分校的三名球员鲍尔、赖利和希尔已经被保释，但有消息来源说，他们被要求不得离开杭州，以等待法律处理。

加州大学洛杉矶分校定于星期六在北京跟乔治亚州理工学院队比赛。

加州大学洛杉矶分校篮球队教练奥尔福德星期三对记者说，他不要就此发表评论，而只想说鲍尔、赖利和希尔星期六将不会出场参赛。

加州大学洛杉矶分校发表声明说，校方已经知晓此事，正在跟中国当局全面配合。

Reports: 3 US College Basketball Players Arrested in China

U.S. media reports say three American college basketball players were arrested in China for allegedly shoplifting from a store in Hangzhou, China.

ESPN reported Wednesday three players from UCLA -- LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill -- had been released on bail, but were required to remain in Hangzhou until the legal process was completed, according to a source.

UCLA is scheduled to play Georgia Tech in a game Saturday in Beijing.

UCLA coach Steve Alford told reporters Wednesday that he would not comment except to say that Ball, Riley and Hill will not be playing Saturday.

The university issued a statement saying it is aware of the situation and cooperating fully with authorities in China.

美国谴责伊朗支持也门反叛武装

白宫要求联合国认真考查伊朗在也门冲突中所扮演的角色，称伊朗政府正在使那里的战斗永久化，以便“推进伊朗对该地区的野心。”

美国的盟国沙特阿拉伯指责伊朗向也门胡塞族反叛武装提供武器，其中包括沙特拦截的射向利雅得机场的一枚导弹。

沙特正在领导一支联军跟胡塞武装作战，以支持得到国际间承认的也门政府。沙特本星期早些时候表示，伊朗的行为可以被视为“战争行动”。

星期三，白宫发表声明，表示支持沙特和该地区其他的盟友，并表示伊朗违反了联合国禁止武器转让的禁令。

声明说，“胡塞武装在伊朗的伊斯兰共和国卫队的帮助下对沙特发动导弹袭击，威胁到地区和平，破坏了联合国通过谈判结束冲突的努力。”

伊朗一直支持胡塞武装，但否认向他们提供了武器。

伊朗外长扎里夫星期二通过一系列推文批评了沙特在也门冲突中扮演的角色。

沙特领导的联军从2015年3月开始对胡塞反叛武装进行密集空袭。自那时以来，联合国报告说，平民的伤亡人数有14000多人，其中包括近5300人丧生，近8900人受伤。

US Condemns Iranian Support for Yemen Rebels

The White House is calling for the United Nations to examine Iran's role in the conflict in Yemen, alleging the Iranian government is perpetuating the fighting in order to "advance its regional ambitions."

U.S. ally Saudi Arabia accused Iran of supplying Houthi rebels with arms, including a missile the Saudis intercepted after it was fired at an airport in Riyadh.

Saudi Arabia leads a coalition battling the Houthis in support of Yemen's internationally recognized government, and said earlier this week Iran's actions could be considered "an act of war."

A White House statement Wednesday expressed support for Saudi Arabia and other allies in the region and said Iran has violated U.N. prohibitions on arms transfers.

"Houthi missile attacks against Saudi Arabia, enabled by Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, threaten regional security and undermine U.N. efforts to negotiate an end to the conflict," the statement said.

Iran has supported the Houthis, but denies arming them.

Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif criticized Saudi Arabia for its role in the Yemen conflict in a series of Twitter posts Tuesday.

The Saudi-led coalition began an intensive campaign of air strikes against the Houthi rebels in March 2015. Since then, the United Nations reports more than 14,000 civilian casualties. These include nearly 5,300 people killed and almost 8,900 injured.