川普总统即将宣布对伊核协议决定

美国总统川普预计很快将宣布，他不认为伊朗遵守了2015年签订的伊核协议。依照法律，川普总统必须在10月15号之前做出决定，但是白宫消息来源说，总统很可能更早宣布决定。

白宫新闻秘书桑德斯星期二说：“总统已经对全面的伊朗战略做出决定，并要确保我们有一个全面的政策，应对伊朗这个不守规矩的国家的所有问题，而不是其中一部分。”

川普总统上个月在联合国大会讲话时流露出他的想法，他称伊核协议是“美国签署的最糟糕、最只利于一方的协议”。

川普总统不认可伊朗遵守协议的决定不会废除伊朗与世界六大国达成的停止其核项目的协议，也不会自动恢复美国对伊朗的制裁。但是很多专家认为，这将启动一个程序，重启对伊朗的制裁，最终废除协议。

包括英国首相特蕾莎.梅在内的欧洲国家领导人最近一直与川普总统接触，希望他不要从伊核协议后退。英国首相办公室的书面声明说，特蕾莎.梅首相星期二给川普总统打电话，表示英国与欧洲伙伴国一样，坚持对协议的承诺，并说协议对区域安全至关重要。

白宫声明说，特蕾莎.梅首相和川普总统商讨了如何确保堵住伊朗获得核武器的所有途径。

一些专家和前政府官员警告说，美国的声誉和可信度也面临严峻考验。

Trump Decision Imminent On Iran Nuclear Deal

President Donald Trump is expected to announce within days that he will no longer certify Iran’s compliance with the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement.By law, the president has until October 15th to decide, but White House sources say it may come sooner.

"The president has reached a decision on an overall Iran strategy and wants to make sure we have a broad policy to deal with that, not just one part of it, to deal with all of the problems of Iran being a bad actor," White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Tuesday.

Trump tipped his hand last month in a speech to the United Nations General Assembly. "The Iran deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into."

A decision not to recertify would not void the deal, which Iran reached with the United States and other world powers to suspend its nuclear program. It also does not automatically bring previous sanctions back into force. But many experts believe it could set in motion a process that could snap sanctions back into place and result in undoing the accord.

European leaders, including British Prime Minister Theresa May, have been in touch with Trump in recent days to try to persuade him not to back away from the accord. May called the president Tuesday to "reaffirm the UK’s strong commitment to the deal alongside our European partners, saying it was vitally important for regional security," according to a readout issued by the prime minister’s office.

A White House statement about the call said the leaders discussed denying Iran "all paths" to a nuclear weapon.

Several experts and former officials have warned that U.S. credibility and trustworthiness are also at stake.

美最高法院驳回一起挑战旅行禁令的案件

美国最高法院驳回了两个有关川普总统禁止人口多为穆斯林的若干国家的公民入境美国的案件中的一个。

最高法院驳回了美国公民自由联盟提起的案件，因为它要求推翻的旅行禁令已经过期，现已由新的禁令取代。

但是最高法院的法官没有针对夏威夷州提起的案件采取行动。这个案件涉及旅行禁令以及另外一项针对难民的禁令。难民禁令10月24号到期。

最初的旅行禁令不准伊朗、利比亚、索马里、苏丹、叙利亚和也门的公民进入美国，除非他们与美国的实体或个人间存在切实的关系。

新的禁令对乍得、伊朗、利比亚、朝鲜、索马里、叙利亚、委内瑞拉以及也门的公民有不同程度的限制。修订过的新禁令10月18号开始生效。这项禁令在初级法院已经受到挑战。

US Top Court Dismisses Expired Travel Ban Case

The U.S. Supreme Court has dismissed one of two cases pending before it over President Donald Trump's ban on travel from Muslim-majority countries.

The court threw out the case brought by the American Civil Liberties Union because the ban it sought to overthrow has since expired, and replaced by a new one.

But the justices took no action on a separate case from Hawaii. That dispute concerns both the travel ban and a separate ban on refugees, which does not expire until Oct. 24.

The original ban had barred citizens of Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the United States unless they had a "credible claim of a bona fide relationship with a person or entity in the United States.''

The new restrictions affect citizens of Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen in varying degrees. The revised travel order goes into effect on Oct. 18th. It already has been challenged in the lower courts.