瓦姆比尔之死让朝鲜侵犯人权称为焦点

在昏迷状态下被朝鲜释放的美国学生奥托·瓦姆比尔星期一不幸去世。他的死讯再次使金正恩政府下据信普遍存在的侵犯人权的现象引起了国际社会的关注。

人权观察亚洲副主任菲尔·罗伯逊说：“坦率地说，这个政府就是一个人权梦魇，一个人权黑洞。”

2016年1月，瓦姆比尔被平壤当局逮捕，罪名是企图从朝鲜一家旅馆偷取一张政治宣传画，他后来被判15年劳教。瓦姆比尔15个月前陷入昏迷，再也没有醒来。

朝鲜当局声称，瓦姆比尔被押期间肉毒桿菌中毒并服用安眠药之后陷入昏迷。他的家乡俄亥俄州辛辛纳提市负责瓦姆比尔治疗的医生否定了朝鲜的说法，但是无法确定他遭受的严重神经伤害是什么原因造成的。

瓦姆比尔的家人在一份声明中说，“我们儿子在朝鲜人手里受到的严酷的折磨，确定了最后不会有其它的结果。”

美国总统川普星期一向瓦姆比尔的家人表示哀悼。他在书面声明中说：“对于父母来说，最大的悲哀莫过于孩子英年早逝。”

川普还说，瓦姆比尔的死亡更加坚定了他的信念，要防止“不尊重法治或人类基本尊严的政权”制造更多的悲剧。

美国其他官员也发表了类似声明，对瓦姆比尔的家人表达慰问，并对瓦姆比尔受到朝鲜政府残酷和非人的对待表示愤慨。

韩国总统文在寅发表声明，对瓦姆比尔的家人表示“哀悼和慰问”，同时谴责朝鲜无视国际法保障的人权，拘留外国公民。

韩国总统府发言人说：“朝鲜还在关押着韩国和美国公民，朝鲜需要立即让他们回来跟家人团聚，我们政府为此将竭尽全力。”

目前还有六名韩国人被朝鲜关押，有些人是传教士，被控从事间谍行为，其他人据报道是在边界中国一侧帮助脱北者时被朝鲜特工绑架的。

美国官员说，朝鲜继续关押的三名朝鲜裔美国人的处境令他们担忧。

美国指责朝鲜把这几个人当作政治筹码。朝鲜则指责美国和韩国派出间谍试图推翻朝鲜政府。

Warmbier’s Death Puts Focus on North Korean Human Rights Violations

U.S. student Otto Warmbier’s tragic death Monday, after being released from a North Korean prison in a coma, has again put an international focus on the widespread human rights violations allegedly being committed by the Kim Jong Un government.

“This is a government that frankly is a human rights abomination. It is a human rights black hole,” said Phil Robertson, the Deputy Asia Director at Human Rights Watch.

In January of 2016, Warmbier was arrested in Pyongyang for allegedly attempting to steal a propaganda poster at a hotel. He was sentenced to 15 years hard labor, then fell into a coma 15 months ago from which he never awoke.

North Korean officials said the 22-year-old American university student contracted botulism while in custody and was given a sleeping pill that put him into a comatose state. Doctors at the hospital in Cincinnati, where he was being treated after being released, discounted the North Korean account but could not say what caused the severe neurological injury.

"Unfortunately, the awful torturous mistreatment our son received at the hands of the North Koreans ensured that no other outcome was possible beyond the sad one we experienced today," the family said in a statement following his death.

U.S. President Donald Trump offered his condolences to the family in a statement Monday saying, “There is nothing more tragic for a parent than to lose a child in the prime of life.”

The president also said the death deepens his determination to prevent future tragedies "at the hands of regimes that do not respect the rule of law or basic human decency.''

Other U.S. officials issued similar statements of sympathy for the family and outrage at what they described as Warmbier’s brutal, inhumane treatment by the North Korean government.

South Korean President Moon Jae-in issued a statement offering “condolence and consolation” to Warmbier’s family, and also condemned North Korea for detaining foreign nationals without regard for human rights guaranteed under international law.

“North Korea is still detaining our citizens and American citizens, and it needs to return them to their families immediately, and our government will put utmost effort for this,” said South Korean Presidential Office spokesman Park Soo-hyun.

There are six South Koreans currently imprisoned in North Korea. Some were missionaries who were charged with spying and others were reportedly kidnapped by North Korean agents while helping defectors on the Chinese side of the border.

U.S. officials have said they are concerned about three Korean-Americans who remain held in North Korea.

The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.

新闻工作者受审 土耳其新闻自由受关注

土耳其伊斯坦布尔一家法庭星期一展开对17名新闻工作者的庭审，法庭里座无虚席。这些人被控参与了去年7月的未遂政变，如果被认定有罪，他们都将面临长期监禁，甚至是终身监禁。

检方指责这些新闻工作者隶属于现居美国的伊斯兰教士费特胡拉·居伦的追随者网络。土耳其政府认为这次未遂政变就是由居伦发动的。

一家大报的专栏作家纳兹里·里卡克对她的指控予以否认。她告诉法庭说，土耳其总统埃尔多安上台前，自己一直是埃尔多安的支持者，而且一辈子都反对政变。她指出，她父亲曾是一名高级部长，后来就是在1960年军方夺权后被监禁的。

星期一庭审一上来花了三个小时的时间诵读200多页的起诉书，提出的证据大多没有涉及这些新闻工作者的活动，而是集中在伊斯兰教士居伦身上。

很多国际和国内人权团体都出席了星期一的庭审。国际特赦的玛丽娜·拜耶姆在第一天庭审结束后说：“这些人面临严重指控，有的面临三个终身监禁，而却没有什么可以证明他们刑事犯罪的证据，这种情况令人担忧。”

人权组织指责土耳其是世界上监禁记者最恶劣的国家，政变未遂以来，已经有170多名新闻工作者被关押。星期一的庭审会给镇压行动的合法性带来更多的问题。

然而，土耳其总统埃尔多安在这次庭审前，就对这些批评予以了驳斥。他星期六向全国媒体负责人讲话时说：“我们不论什么时候到国外去，西方媒体都会提出同样的问题，说土耳其关押了很多新闻工作者，但是根据我们的数字，177个自称是记者的人当中，只有两个人持有记者证，其中一个人还是因为杀人入狱，其他人则是因为参加恐怖组织的活动。”

埃尔多安还警告说，镇压行动不会放松。他说：“在我看来，按照恐怖组织的指令出卖新闻，而拿着枪进山的人，是没有区别的。”

埃尔多安的话立即引起了媒体的批评。土耳其新闻委员会负责人说：“我们已经习惯了埃尔多安的这些声明。大家愿意怎么说都可以。被关押的新闻工作者之所以被关押是因为他们的采写行为，因为他们挖掘新闻，因为他们寻找事实。”

Journalists' Trial Puts Spotlight on Media Freedom in Turkey

In a packed Istanbul courthouse the trial of 17 journalists, accused of being involved in July’s failed coup, got underway Monday. All are facing long sentences, including life if convicted.

Prosecutors allege the journalists belong to a network of followers of the U.S. based Turkish Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen, who Turkey's government blames for the coup attempt.

Nazli Ilicak is a leading newspaper columnist who rejected the accusations, telling the court she was a supporter of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan before he came to power and spent her life opposing coups, pointing out her father was a senior minister who had been jailed following a 1960 military takeover.

The first three hours of Monday’s hearing was taken up reading the more than 200 page indictment. Much of the cited evidence made no reference to the journalists activities, but focused on the cleric Gulen.

Many international and national human rights groups attended Monday’s hearings. "It's very concerning people are really facing serious charges, with potentially three life sentences on the basis of very, very little evidence of criminal acts, and that's really worrying,” warned Amnesty International’s Milena Buyum, speaking after attending the first day of hearings,

Human rights groups accuse Turkey of being the world's worst jailor of journalists, with more than 170 incarcerated since the post coup crackdown. Monday’s hearing is likely to only add to questions over the legitimacy of that crackdown.

But before the trial Erdogan dismissed such criticism, "Whenever we go abroad, Western media outlets come up with the same argument, claiming there are many detained journalists in Turkey. However, according to figures from our Ministry, only two people out of 177 who identify themselves as journalists are holders of a press card. In addition, one of these persons is currently in jail for murder and the others for their involvement in terrorist organizations," Erdogan said in a speech Saturday to national media heads.

The president went on to warn there would be no let up in the crackdown, “I see no difference between those who sell their news headlines with the instructions of a terrorist organization and those who take to the mountains with a gun in their hands,” said Erdogan.