川普与习近平安倍通电话讨论朝核问题

美国总统川普分别与中国国家主席习近平和日本首相安倍晋三通电话，讨论了朝鲜核项目带来的威胁。

白宫表示，川普和习近平都重申致力于实现朝鲜半岛无核化。川普还提到了朝鲜的弹道导弹项目。

中国官方媒体报道说，习近平对川普表示，美中关系受到“一些消极因素的影响”，他希望川普能够按照“一个中国”原则妥善处理涉台议题。

美国自1979年表示认知台湾为中国一部分的中国官方立场。上星期，美国批准了一项价值14亿美元的对台军售案。

在与日本首相安倍晋三的通话中，白宫称两位领导人都同意要进一步给朝鲜施压，迫使其“从危险的道路上转向”，同时美国和日本做好准备，应对“朝鲜的任何威胁和举动。”

白宫的声明最后说，川普与习近平以及川普与安倍晋三期待本周在德国汉堡举行的20国集团(G20)峰会时见面。

除了与习近平和安保举行会晤外，川普还将会见韩国总统文在寅和俄罗斯总统普京。

星期天，至少1万名示威者在汉堡举行和平集会，抗议G20峰会。预计未来几天还将有约30场示威活动。部分示威活动是抗议川普的一些政策，包括他宣布美国退出2015年签署的旨在限制今后数年温室气体排放的巴黎气候变化协议。

G20峰会通常在偏远的度假地闭门举行，目的是容易展开安保工作，但今年的峰会选在汉堡市中心举行。

不过，此举并非是不重视安保，德国总理默克尔的部分意图是向各国领导人展示，在一个充满活力的民主国家中，示威抗议扮演是可以被接受的。

Trump Discusses North Korea Nuclear Threat With Leaders of China, Japan

U.S. President Donald Trump discussed the threat posed by North Korea's nuclear program in separate phone calls with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.

The White House said both Trump and Xi "reaffirmed their commitment to a denuclearized Korean Peninsula," while Trump also raised the threat of North Korea's ballistic missile program.

Chinese state media said Xi told also Trump "negative factors" have affected U.S.-China relations, and that Xi hopes Trump will appropriately handle Taiwan-related issues according to the "One China" principle.

Since 1979, the United States has recognized China's official position that Taiwan is part of China. Last week, the U.S. approved $1.42 billion in arms sales to Taiwan.

In the conversation with Abe, the White House said both leaders were united on increasing pressure on North Korea to "change its dangerous path" and that the U.S. and Japan are ready to respond to "any threat or action taken by North Korea."

The White House statements ended by saying Trump and Xi, and Trump and Abe, look forward to meeting in person this week at a summit of G-20 leaders in Hamburg, Germany.

In addition to bilateral meetings with the Chinese and Japanese leaders, Trump is also due to hold talks with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Russian President Vladimir Putin.

On Sunday, at least 10,000 people in Hamburg peacefully protested the upcoming summit — one of about 30 protests planned in the coming days — in part to protest Trump's policies, including his announced intention to pull the U.S. out of the 2015 international Paris accord to limit greenhouse gas emissions in the coming years.

Summits of world leaders often are held in exclusive, remote resorts, the easier to control security, however this year's gathering is in the heart of Hamburg.

But that is not the case in Hamburg, by design, where German Chancellor Angela Merkel picked the city as the summit host in part to show world leaders that protests play an accepted role in a vibrant democracy.

沙特等国将卡塔尔复交最后期限延长48小时

陷入与卡塔尔旷日持久外交纠纷的沙特阿拉伯及其盟国星期一将卡塔尔接受复交条件的最后期限延长48小时。

一直谈判游说海湾地区阿拉伯国家和平结束对卡塔尔封锁的科威特，星期天在沙特领导的联盟下达的最后期限到来前要求将最后期限延长。

科威特和沙特阿拉伯的国家通讯社星期一凌晨发表了一份协调一致的声明，证实最后期限已被延长。

沙特阿拉伯、阿联酋、巴林和埃及6月5日切断了与卡塔尔的外交和商业联系，指责卡塔尔政府与伊朗勾结支持恐怖主义。

卡塔尔对此予以否认，表示这些指控毫无根据。这个海湾小国的外交大臣塔尼曾表示，沙特及其盟国提出的要求，包括土耳其军队从卡塔尔撤离，关闭卡塔尔国有的半岛电视台，还有降低与伊朗的外交关系，除非牺牲卡塔尔的主权，否则是不可能实现的。

虽然塔尼暗示沙特阿拉伯的要求几乎肯定会被拒绝，但卡塔尔还没有正式作出答复。

埃及星期天表示，四个抵制卡塔尔的国家将于星期三在开罗讨论与卡塔尔的局势。

美国总统川普星期天分别与沙特国王萨勒曼、卡塔尔埃米尔塔米姆和阿布扎比王储纳哈扬通了电话。

白宫的声明说，川普表达了对这起外交纠纷的担忧，他还表达了地区团结、制止恐怖分子筹集资金和打击极端意识形态的重要性。

美国一直支持科威特调停海湾阿拉伯国家之间纠纷所做的努力。华盛顿与纠纷的双方都有紧密联系，美国海军第五舰队的司令部在巴林，在卡塔尔的军事基地是美军在该地区最大的军事设施。此外，美国与沙特阿拉伯的价值上千亿美元军售协议有可能会因这场外交危机受到影响。

Qatar Wins 48-hour Extension of Deadline Set by Saudis, Other Arab States

Saudi Arabia and its allies involved in a prolonged diplomatic dispute with Qatar said Monday they would extend by 48 hours a deadline for Qatar to comply with their demands.

Kuwait, which has been trying to negotiate a peaceful end to the Gulf Arab states' blockade of Qatar, asked for the deadline extension Sunday, shortly before time for Qatar's reply to the Saudi-led coalition was due to expire.

A coordinated statement released early Monday by the state news agencies in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia confirmed the deadline had been extended until the end of Monday.

Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic and commercial links with Qatar on June 5, accusing the government in Doha of supporting terrorism in an alliance with Iran.

Qatar has denied the accusations and said such charges are baseless. The small Gulf state's foreign minister, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani, has said the demands by the Saudis and their partners - including the withdrawal of Turkish troops in Qatar, closure of the Qatari-state-owned Al Jazeera news group and a downgrading of Qatar's relations with Iran - are impossible to meet without sacrificing Qatar's sovereignty.

Although Al Thani signaled the Saudis' demands were virtually certain to be rejected, Qatar has not yet formally responded to the Arab group.

Egypt said on Sunday the foreign ministers from the four boycotting countries would discuss the situation with Qatar in Cairo on Wednesday.

U.S. President Donald Trump discussed the situation by phone in separate calls Sunday with Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, Qatari Emir Tamin bin Hamad Al Thani and Abu Dhabi's Crown Prince Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.

A White House statement said Trump addressed his concerns about the dispute, and also stressed the importance of regional unity, stopping terrorist financing and discrediting extremist ideology.

The United States has supported Kuwait's attempt to mediate the Gulf Arabs' dispute. Washington has strong ties to both sides: the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet is berthed in Bahrain and a land base in Qatar is the largest U.S. military facility in the region. In addition, hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of pending arms deals between the United States and Saudi Arabia potentially could be affected by the outcome of the diplomatic dispute.