前反政府武装头目从美国引渡回哥伦比亚

一位被指控犯有数以千计罪行而被通缉的前哥伦比亚武装头目星期二从美国引渡会哥伦比亚。

赫伯特·威尔查·加尔希亚在哥伦比亚面临谋杀和雇佣儿童兵等多项指控。

他于2007年被捕，后来被送到美国以贩毒的罪名在监狱服刑。哥伦比亚的人权活动人士对此十分愤怒，担心他可能再也不会在哥伦比亚受到司法制裁。

哥伦比亚经历了50多年游击战冲突之后，政府去年与主要反叛力量“哥伦比亚革命武装力量”签署了和平协议。哥伦比亚革命武装力量解除了武装，转型为一个政党。

哥伦比亚政府目前正与第二大反政府力量“民族解放军”进行谈判。

Former Colombian Paramilitary Chief Extradited from US

A former Colombian paramilitary chief who is wanted for thousands of crimes was extradited back to Colombia from the United States Tuesday.

Hebert Veloza Garcia faces numerous charges in Colombia including murder and recruiting child soldiers.

He was arrested in 2007 and later sent to the United States and jailed on charges of drug trafficking - a move that angered Colombian human rights activists who feared Veloza Garcia would never face justice back home.

Colombia is emerging from more than 50 years of guerilla war after the government signed a peace treaty last year with FARC, the main rebel group. FARC has disarmed and is transforming itself into a political party.

Negotiations are currently under way with the country's second main opposition force, ELN.

伴随白宫风云180载玉兰树患病

如果树可以说话，有一棵玉兰树可以讲100万个故事。它听过39位美国总统在白宫的讲话，目睹了无数国事访问来宾和复活节滚彩蛋，经历各种喜怒哀乐，战争与和平，还承受过一架飞机的撞击。

杰克逊总统1835年种下的一棵玉兰树苗早已长成参天大树。不过专家说，这棵树患了重病，必须砍掉一大部分，否则会构成安全威胁。

白宫南草坪上南面石阶附近的这棵玉兰树是白宫院内最老的树。在20美元纸币的后面可以看到它的身影。

这棵玉兰树已经由很多绳索和钢柱支撑。不过树木专家说，这棵树的木质过于脆弱，已经无法支撑。一场暴风，甚至总统直升机旋翼的风都有可能把它吹跨，甚至造成人员伤亡。

白宫发言人说，第一夫人梅拉尼亚要求保留一部分树干，可能会在原来的地方重新栽种。

Oldest Tree on White House Grounds to be Cut Down

If trees could talk, this one would have a million stories to tell - eavesdropping on the conversations of 39 U.S. presidents, watching over state visits and Easter egg rolls, witnessing joy and sorrow, war and peace and even surviving being hit by an airplane.

But experts say the huge magnolia tree President Andrew Jackson planted as a seedling in 1835 is sick and a safety hazard and a large portion will have to be cut down.

Hovering over the South Lawn near the second story South Portico, it is the oldest tree on White House grounds. Its portrait can be seen on the back of the U.S. $20 bill.

The tree has been propped up by cables and steel pole. But arborists say its wood is too delicate to withstand any efforts to hold it up. A bad storm strong wind, or even wind from the presidential helicopter could bring it down, with perhaps deadly results.

A White House spokeswoman says First Lady Melania Trump has asked that parts of the tree be preserved and possibly re-planted in the same spot.