菲律宾空袭造成10名士兵丧生

菲律宾军方官员星期四表示，他们在南部城市马拉维实施的一次针对与伊斯兰国组织有关的激进分子的空袭，却导致10名军人丧生，7人受伤。菲律宾国防部长洛伦扎纳对记者说，“没有正确协同，导致我们打了自己人。”

此次误炸是菲律宾军方星期三实施的几次空袭轰炸行动中的一起。目前菲律宾地面部队正在努力清剿激进分子。

马拉维市的暴力活动是上周发生的，当时安全部队试图逮捕所谓的菲律宾伊斯兰国组织的头目哈皮伦，作为回应，该组织的武装分子夺取了马拉维的部分地区并劫持人质。

哈皮伦是美国最想抓获的通缉恐怖分子。美国悬赏500万美元捉拿哈皮伦。

在马拉维的战斗已经导致至少95名激进分子、30名安全部队士兵，以及19名平民丧生。洛伦扎纳防长星期四表示，被击毙的激进分子中有8人是外国人，其中包括车臣和阿拉伯人。

Philippine Airstrikes Kill 10 Soldiers

Philippine military officials said Thursday one of their airstrikes meant to hit Islamic State-linked militants in the southern city of Marawi instead killed 10 soldiers and wounded seven others. "The coordination was not properly done so we hit our own people," Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told reporters.

The errant bombing was one of several airstrikes the military conducted on Wednesday as troops on the ground tried to dislodge the militants.

The violence in Marawi erupted last week when security forces tried to arrest Isnilon Hapilon, the so-called leader of Islamic State in the Philippines, and the fighters responded by taking over parts of Marawi and taking hostages.

Hapilon is one of the most wanted terrorists listed by the United States, which has posted a $5 million reward for his arrest.

The fighting in Marawi has killed at least 95 militants, 30 security forces and 19 civilians. Lorenzana said Thursday eight of the militants killed were foreigners, including Chechen and Arab fighters.

阿富汗首都遭到致命炸弹袭击

阿富汗首都喀布尔外交使馆区星期三早晨发生巨大卡车炸弹爆炸事件，造成至少90人丧生，400多人受伤。

爆炸对喀布尔的瓦兹尔·阿克巴·汗区造成破坏，那里坐落着很多外国外交使团和政府办公室。数十辆车辆和周边建筑物受到破坏。阿富汗官员称，爆炸物藏在一辆污水车里。

伤亡绝大多数是平民，但是死者当中也包括在外交机构工作的阿富汗保安人员。

目前仍然没有人声称对袭击事件负责。

阿富汗国家安全局在一份简短声明中，指责哈卡尼网络组织制造了这起暴力事件。该组织据称设在邻国巴基斯坦，并与塔利班并肩作战。阿富汗国安局还声称巴基斯坦间谍机构三军情报局帮助策划了攻击事件。

阿富汗官员曾指责巴基斯坦帮助在阿富汗的叛乱袭击行动，巴基斯坦官员否认这些指称。

塔利班已否认参与此次袭击，表示他们与星期三的炸弹爆炸事件或者任何针对平民的袭击都毫无关联。塔利班反叛力量最近加大了对阿富汗安全部队的攻击，致使多名军人伤亡。

伊斯兰国组织宣称对最近几个月来阿富汗一些重要目标受到的袭击负责，其中包括今年3月对位于喀布尔的阿富汗最大的一家军队医院发动的致命自杀袭击。

Afghan Capital Rocked by Deadly Bomb Attack

A massive truck bomb exploded Wednesday morning in the diplomatic section of Afghanistan's capital, killing at least 90 people and wounding more than 400 others.

The bomb ripped through the central Wazir Akbar Khan area of Kabul, home to foreign diplomatic missions and government offices, damaging dozens of vehicles and surrounding buildings. Afghan officials said the explosives were packed in a sewage tanker.

Most of the casualties were civilians, but the dead included Afghan security guards at diplomatic sites.

There was no claim of responsibility for the attack.

The Afghan Intelligence agency, NDS, in a brief statement, has blamed the Haqqani network, which allegedly is based in neighboring Pakistan and fighting alongside the Taliban. The NDS also asserted that Pakistan's spy agency, ISI, helped in planning the attack.

Afghan officials have blamed Islamabad previously for facilitating insurgent attacks in their country, charges Pakistani officials deny.

The Taliban has denied involvement, saying the insurgent group has nothing to do with Wednesday's bombing or any attacks that target civilians. The insurgents have lately intensified attacks on Afghan security forces, killing and wounding scores of them.

Islamic State has claimed attacks against high-profile Afghan targets in recent months, including a deadly suicide raid on the country's largest military hospital in Kabul in March.