众议院通过税改法案

美国国会众议院星期四以相当多数通过了美国30年以来第一次大规模修改税收的法案，让连续遭遇立法挫败的川普总统和国会共和党人得到了一大迫切需要的胜利。

众议院议长瑞安在投票之后说：“这的确是一个罕见的成就。”他说，能够让国会有218名议员一致同意任何事情都是一项成就。

今年早些时候，国会共和党人试图兑现一项重要竞选承诺的努力遭受挫折，未能废除并取代奥巴马总统执政时通过的平价医保法案，让瑞安的长期目标税法改革面临威胁。

众议院投票结果接近通过所需的票数时，共和党领导层明显松了一口气。此前，川普总统在共和党每周例会上为最后争取支持发表了鼓舞士气的讲话。

尽管众议院共和党人情绪乐观，但是在参议院通过改革税法的法案要更为艰难。

参议院一个委员会星期四晚上通过了参议院版本的改革税法草案，下星期感恩节过后将提交参议院全体会议表决。民主党人反对这项草案，称之为给富人减税的法案。

House Passed Tax Bill

The U.S. House of Representatives passed significant changes to the nation’s tax code for the first time in three decades and by a comfortable vote margin Thursday, giving President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans a much-needed win after a year of legislative setbacks.

“This is nothing short of extraordinary,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said after the vote, noting that getting the needed number of 218 House members to agree on anything was an achievement.

Ryan’s long-held goal of reforming the nation’s tax code appeared in jeopardy earlier this year after Republicans tried and failed to deliver on another long-term campaign promise: repealing and replacing former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act.

Republican leadership appeared visibly relaxed on the House floor as the vote totals moved toward passage and earlier in the day after Trump gave a last-minute speech of encouragement at the party’s weekly conference meeting.

Despite optimism among House Republicans, the bill now faces a much tougher path to passage in the Senate.

Late Thursday, a Senate tax-writing panel approved its own overhaul bill that will be sent to the full Senate after next week's Thanksgiving holiday. The Senate bill already faces strong opposition from Democrats, who call the bill a tax break for the wealthy.

美国扫荡MS-13黑帮 逮捕267人

美国执法官员星期四宣布，逮捕了将近300名MS-13帮派成员。川普政府表示，要把这个凶残的黑帮从美国清除。

这些人是近几个星期在一次重大的扫荡黑帮行动中逮捕的。这次行动由美国移民和海关执法局领导。有关官员说，在美国境内抓获了214名MS-13成员，另外53人是在这个黑帮的老窝萨尔瓦多落网的。

这此扫荡行动分为两个阶段，目的是抓获MS-13 帮派成员，摧毁他们的财务网络。镇压行动在奥巴马政府时期就开始了，在川普政府领导下加大了力度。

有关官员在华盛顿举行的记者会上说，截至9月份的18个月里，在萨尔瓦多共抓获了51人。

今年10月8日到11月11日是第二阶段，最近的逮捕行动是第二阶段的工作成果。

美国司法部长塞申斯说，这些人的落网是川普消灭MS-13 帮派努力的重大步骤。MS-13 的成员在美国各地制造了一系列引起轰动的凶杀案。

US Announces Arrests of 267 MS-13 Gang Members in Latest Sweep

U.S. law enforcement officials announced on Thursday the arrest of nearly 300 members of MS-13, a violent gang the Trump administration has vowed to get off America's streets.

The arrests were made in recent weeks as part of a major anti-gang crackdown. Led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the operation swept up 214 MS-13 members in the United States and 53 members in El Salvador, the gang's home base, officials said.

The two-phase operation, aimed at MS-13 members and their global financial networks, was begun under the administration of former President Barack Obama but has escalated under President Donald Trump.

The initial, 18-month phase ended in September and netted 51 arrests in El Salvador, officials said at a news conference in Washington.

The second phase, running from October 8 to November 11, resulted in the latest arrests in the United States and El Salvador.

U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions touted the arrests as an important step in the Trump administration's effort to stamp out MS-13, whose members have been implicated in a series of high-profile murders around the country.