德州州长签署法律，禁止移民庇护城市

美国南部德克萨斯州州长签署了一项法律，禁止所谓的移民庇护城市，并威胁对拒绝遵照联邦移民机构命令的警察局和警官处以罚款和刑事指控。

德州州长格莱格·阿伯特说，“德克萨斯坚决支持合法移民。合法移民从我们建州伊始就是我们州的组成部分。但是合法移民和窝藏那些犯下危险罪行的人不同。”

他补充说，执法机构“不得自行挑选他们要遵守哪些法律。”

共和党领导的德克萨斯州立法机构上周在民主党人、民权组织和代表该州一些大城市警察局长的机构反对的情况下，批准了这部法律。这部法律将于今年9月1日生效。

Texas Governor Signs Ban on So-Called Sanctuary Cities

The governor of the southern U.S. state of Texas has signed a law banning so-called sanctuary cities and threatening fines and criminal charges for police departments and officers who refuse to comply with orders from federal immigration agents.

"Texas strongly supports the legal immigration that has been a part of our state from our very beginning. But legal immigration is different from harboring people who have committed dangerous crimes," Governor Greg Abbott said.

He added that law enforcement agencies "don't get to pick and choose which laws they will obey."

The Republican-led Texas legislature approved the law last week against the objections of Democrats, civil rights groups and an organization of police chiefs representing the state's largest cities. It is due to go into effect September 1.

阿富汗的伊斯兰国头目被杀

阿富汗和美国军方官员星期天证实，在东部楠哥哈尔省进行的一次联合攻击行动中，阿富汗的伊斯兰国头目被打死。

美国军方表示，被称为“伊拉克和黎凡特伊斯兰国呼罗珊省埃米尔“的伊斯兰谢赫·阿卜杜尔· 哈希卜在阿富汗和美国的一次联合攻击行动中被打死。

声明补充说， 数十名阿富汗和美国特种部队在针对一处位于阿钦地区的伊斯兰国洞穴隧道综合体进行联合作战行动时，打死了哈希卜和他的35名战士。

据称还有其他高级别伊斯兰国领导人也在行动中被打死。

哈希卜的前任哈菲兹·萨伊德·汗是前巴基斯坦塔利班的一名指挥官，他去年在楠格哈尔省的一次无人机袭击中被击毙后， 哈希卜被任命为阿富汗伊斯兰国的头目。

伊斯兰国起自伊拉克和叙利亚，受到中亚地区不断增长的极端势力的推动，伊斯兰国两年前在阿富汗和巴基斯坦地区展开行动，并把包括阿富汗、巴基斯坦和‘其它邻近地区’的这一区域称为伊斯兰国的呼罗珊省。

Islamic State Chief in Afghanistan Killed

The leader of Islamic State in Afghanistan has been killed in a joint raid in eastern Nangarhar province, Afghan and U.S. military officials confirmed Sunday.

“Sheikh Abdul Hasib, the Emir of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – Khorasan Province (ISIS-K) in Afghanistan, was killed in a combined Afghan/U.S. raid,” the U.S. military said.

Dozens of Afghan and American special forces killed Sheikh Abdul Hasib along with his 35 fighters in a combined operation against an IS cave and tunnel complex in the Achin district, the statement added.

Other high-ranking IS leaders also are said to have been killed in the operation.

Hasib was appointed last year following the death of his predecessor, Hafiz Saeed Khan – a former Pakistani Taliban commander - in a U.S. drone strike in the same Afghan province.

Branching out from Iraq and Syria – and fueled by a growing militancy in Central Asia – Islamic State launched its operations in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region two years ago, naming it IS’s Khorasan province (IS-K) to cover Afghanistan, Pakistan and “other nearby lands.