苏格兰民族主义者寻求再次举行独立公投

苏格兰首席部长星期一宣布，她计划为举行新的独立公投开始法律程序，这使得苏格兰离脱离英国更近一步。

在爱丁堡的一个新闻发布会上，斯特金表示，去年英国投票脱欧后，让苏格兰人有机会表达他们的意见是“正确的”。斯特金在讲话中说，英国脱欧威胁到苏格兰的经济及其与欧洲的联系，她不会“什么都不做”。斯特金领导的苏格兰民族党是英国边界以北最大的政党。

在上周北爱尔兰议会选举中新芬党民族主义者的席位激增后，斯特金做出上述宣布尽管不出意外，但仍增加了英国脱欧投票的后果。英国保守党政府正在努力控制这些后果。

身为苏格兰首席部长的斯特金领导一个少数派政府，她表示，希望在2018年秋季至2019年春季之间举行公投。她认为英国议会自从脱欧投票以来变得更加坚决。她说，英国保守党首相特雷莎·梅在决定硬性脱欧之前，没有与苏格兰进行磋商。英国将不仅结束其在欧盟的政治成员身份，还将退出欧洲的单一市场并承担其带来的重大经济后果。

在去年的脱欧投票中，苏格兰人以62-38％的票数赞成留在欧盟。表决后，斯特金表示，英国脱欧是一个“重大和实质的变化”，因此有理由举行第二次独立投票。苏格兰在2014年9月的全民投票中赞成留在英国，当时斯特金称那是一次“一生中只有一次”的投票。

斯特金下周将向苏格兰议会申请，围绕独立举行全民公决，但最后还是要由英国议会做出决定。

Scottish Nationalists Seek New Independence Referendum

Scotland’s first minister took a step closer Monday to breaking up the United Kingdom by announcing she intends to begin the legal process of holding a new independence referendum for Scots.

At a news conference in Edinburgh, Nicola Sturgeon said it is the "right thing” to give Scots an opportunity to express their opinion following Brexit, last year’s vote by Britain to leave the European Union. In her speech, Sturgeon, whose Scottish National Party is the largest party north of the English border, said she wasn't prepared to “do nothing” while Brexit threatened Scotland’s economy and its links with Europe.

Coming in the wake of last week’s electoral surge by Sinn Fein nationalists in Northern Ireland assembly elections, Sturgeon’s announcement, although not a surprise, adds to the ramifications of the Brexit vote, which Britain’s Conservative government is struggling to contain.

Scotland’s first minister, who heads a minority government, said she wants the vote to take place between autumn 2018 and spring 2019, arguing the British parliament in Westminster had become more assertive since the Brexit vote. She said Britain’s Conservative prime minister, Theresa May, had failed to consult Scotland before deciding on a hard break with the EU, which will see Britain not only end its political membership in the European bloc but will also see it exit Europe’s single market with major economic consequences.

In last year’s Brexit vote, Scots voted by a 62-38 percent margin to remain in the EU. After the vote, Sturgeon said Brexit constituted a “significant and a material change of the circumstances,” thereby justifying a second independence referendum. Scotland elected to remain a part of the United Kingdom in a September 2014 referendum, which was then billed by Sturgeon as a “once in a lifetime vote.”

Sturgeon will seek the authority for the independence referendum next week from Scotland’s parliament, but, the final say has to come from the Westminster parliament.

土耳其暂停与荷兰的高层往来

土耳其星期一称，暂停与荷兰的高层往来，这是一系列抗议荷兰当局阻止土耳其部长们在荷兰举行集会支持总统埃尔多安的制裁行动之一。

土耳其外交部长和内政部长被荷兰当局阻止参加为在土耳其全民公投中增加对埃尔多安的支持而举行的集会，之后两国关系恶化。即将进行的公投将给予埃尔多安更广泛的权力。

周一公布的制裁措施包括禁止目前仍在国外的荷兰大使返回土耳其，并暂停外交航班。制裁的范围似乎不包括针对普通公民的经济措施或旅行限制。

土耳其副总理库尔图尔穆斯对记者表示，这些制裁将持续到荷兰采取措施“补救”其行动。土耳其官员还表示，政府应重新评估与欧盟在防止移民涌入欧洲大陆方面的合作。

埃尔多安指责荷兰禁止他的部长举行集会的做法就像纳粹，并为此遭到谴责。

欧盟外交和安全政策高级代表莫盖里尼和申请加入欧盟的扩张执委哈恩敦促土耳其“避免过激的言论和行动令局势进一步恶化”。

两位欧盟官员说，“必须避免事态进一步升级，并设法平息局势。”

北约秘书长斯托尔滕贝格敦促土耳其及其北约盟国“表现出相互尊重，保持冷静，以审慎态度促进缓和紧张局势”。

埃尔多安做出纳粹比较后，德国总理默克尔说，她“全力支持”荷兰政府并与之站在一起。德国军队在第二次世界大战期间曾轰炸和占领荷兰。

Turkey Suspends High-Level Ties With The Netherlands

Turkey said Monday it is suspending high-level ties with The Netherlands as part of a series of sanctions protesting moves by Dutch authorities to bar Turkish ministers from holding rallies in support of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

The two countries have been at odds for days after Turkey's foreign minister and home minister were prevented from attending events meant to boost support for an upcoming referendum that would give Erdogan wider power.

Monday's sanctions include banning the Dutch ambassador, who is currently out of the country, from returning to Turkey and suspending diplomatic flights. The range of sanctions did not appear to include economic measures or travel restrictions for ordinary citizens.

Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told reporters the measures would remain in place until The Netherlands takes steps to "redress" its actions. Turkish officials also said the government should reevaluate its cooperation with the European Union on preventing the flow of migrants across land.

Erdogan has drawn condemnation for accusing The Netherlands of acting like Nazis in banning his ministers from holding rallies.

On Monday, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and Enlargement Commissioner Johannes Hahn called on Turkey to "refrain from excessive statements and actions that risk further exacerbating the situation."

The two EU officials said, "It is essential to avoid further escalation and find ways to calm down the situation."

NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg urged Turkey and its NATO allies to "show mutual respect, to be calm and have a measured approach to contribute to de-escalate the tensions."

After Erdogan's Nazi comparison, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the Dutch government has her "full support and solidarity." German forces bombed and occupied the Netherlands during World War II.