美参议院批准证交会主席任命

美国参议院星期二批准由川普总统挑选的华尔街律师杰伊·克莱顿出任美国证券交易委员会主席。

证券交易委员会负责监督华尔街和金融市场，九位民主党人，一位独立党派参议员与共和党议员一道，以61比37票的表决通过了克莱顿的任命。

克莱顿是著名律师事务所“苏利文-克伦威尔”的合伙人之一，曾经为包括高盛公司在内的众多华尔街金融巨头和大公司提供过出色的法律服务。

川普总统再三呼吁要取消2010年《多德-弗兰克》金融改革法案中部分内容。克莱顿领导下的证交会预计在法规方面会采取相对放松的态度。克莱顿在三月份批准任命的听证会曾向参议员保证，他会把公众利益作为行动的唯一准则。

US Senate Confirms Head of SEC

The Senate on Tuesday confirmed Jay Clayton, the Wall Street attorney chosen by President Donald Trump, to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The vote was 61-37 to give Clayton the job of running the independent agency that oversees Wall Street and the financial markets. Nine Democrats and one independent, Maine's Angus King, joined 51 Republicans in backing the nominee.

Clayton, a partner in the prominent law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, has done significant legal work for Wall Street powerhouse Goldman Sachs and an array of other financial giants and corporations.

In line with Trump's pledge to ease many rules that flowed from the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law, a Clayton-led SEC would be expected to take a comparatively loose approach to regulation. At his confirmation hearing in March, Clayton sought to reassure senators that he would act only in the public interest.

美国会警告各大航空公司改善客服

美国国会议员们告诫美国各大航空公司，主动改善乘客服务，否则将迫使他们改善。

美国众议院交通和基础设施委员会为美国各大航空公司的高管举行了一场听证会，听取他们的证词，以决定在一名乘客被暴力拖拽出美联航一次超额售票的航班事件后，国会将如何做出反应。

委员会主席比尔·舒斯特在听证会上告诉美联航首席执行官奥斯卡·穆诺兹和美国其他航空公司高管说，“抓住这次机会”。他说，否则“我们将采取你们不会喜欢的行动” 。他同时预计，“一刀切”的方法只适用于一些航空公司，而不是所有航空公司。

上个月，69岁的乘客杜成德拒绝为美联航职员让位而被强行拖走，机场警方从座位上拖拽杜成德的视频在网上疯传。美联航首席执行官穆诺兹一再为此道歉。

穆诺兹说，“那一刻，对于我们的乘客和我们公司而言，我们失败了，作为首席执行官也一样，最终这都是我的失职。这必须成为一个转折点”。

与穆诺兹一起参加听证会的还有美联航董事长斯科特·科尔比，以及来自美利坚航空公司、西南航空公司以及阿拉斯加航空公司的高管。

Congress Warns US Airlines to Improve Customer Service

U.S. lawmakers have put the nation's airlines on notice: Improve customer service or we will make you.

The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee held a hearing for top airline executives to testify, and to determine how Congress might respond after a passenger was violently dragged off an overbooked United Airlines flight.

“Seize this opportunity,” committee Chairman Bill Shuster, a Pennsylvania Republican, told United CEO Oscar Munoz and other airline executives at a hearing. Otherwise, “we're going to act and you're not going to like it,” he said, predicting a “one-size-fits-all” solution that may serve some airlines but not all.

Munoz apologized repeatedly for the removal of David Dao, 69, who last month refused to give up his seat to make room for airline employees. The video of airport police dragging Dao from his seat went viral.

“In that moment for our customers and our company we failed, and so as CEO, at the end of the day, that is on me,” Munoz said. “This has to be a turning point.”

Munoz was joined at the hearing by United President Scott Kirby and executives from American Airlines, Southwest Airlines and Alaska Airlines.