加泰罗尼亚分离派政党在选举中获胜

主张独立的政党在西班牙加泰罗尼亚地区的选举中赢得占绝对多数的席位，给拉霍伊首相的政府一个重大打击。

这次选举前，马德里政府解散了加泰罗尼亚地区政府，逮捕了很多主张从西班牙独立的政界领袖。今年10月举行了有争议的独立全民公决之后，这些政界人士试图宣布加泰罗尼亚独立。

随着星期四晚上的投票结果看来主张独立的政党能获得多两个席位的多数之后，支持独立的人士开始举行庆祝选举胜利的集会。

拉霍伊首相呼吁加泰罗尼亚选民恢复政治稳定。然而，大多数选民都没有把票投给人民党。人民党从原来占有的11席减少到3席。

Pro-Independence Parties Win Majority in Catalonia Elections, Dealing Blow to Madrid

Pro-independence parties have won an absolute majority in elections in the Spanish region of Catalonia, dealing a blow to the Spanish government under Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy.

The election was called after Madrid sacked the Catalan government and arrested many secessionist leaders, after they tried to declare independence following a disputed referendum in October.

Independence supporters gathered to celebrate the results Thursday night, as it became clear that the three pro-secessionist parties kept their overall majority by two seats.

Prime Minister Rajoy had called on Catalan voters to restore political normality. Instead, they overwhelmingly rejected his Popular Party, which lost eight of its 11 seats.

法院驳回川普推迟接纳变性人士服役要求

美国一个联邦上诉法院星期四驳回了川普行政当局推迟美军接受变性人士服役期限的要求。

三名法官组成的合议庭只是说，在相关挑战法律程序进行期间，变性人士2018年1月1日开始可以服役。

一名联邦法官上星期裁决有关服役人员的新政策可以实施。

川普行政当局希望推迟。川普政府正针对早些时候法院不准川普总统禁止变性人士服役的裁决上诉。

联邦法官克拉-科特里说，政府未能证明如果变性人士从新年开始在军队服役会有什么损害。

美国前国防部长阿什·卡特去年为变性人士7月1日加入美军开了绿灯。

川普总统试图以总统政令的方式不准变性人士服役，理由是医疗费用以及可能影响非变性军人的士气。川普总统还下令让已在军中服役的变性人士退役。

Appeals Court Rejects Trump Efforts to Delay Transgenders Joining the Military

A federal appeals court Thursday rejected the Trump administration's efforts to postpone admitting transgender men and women into the military.

The three-judge panel simply said such recruits can join starting January 1 while the legal challenges proceed.

A federal judge ruled last week that the new policy can go forward.

The administration wanted a delay while it appealed earlier court rulings against the president's ban on transgender troops.

But Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said the government failed to prove it would be harmed if transgender men and women started signing up beginning on New Year's Day.

Former Defense Secretary Ash Carter opened the door last year for transgender men and women to join the U.S. armed forces starting July 1.

But President Donald Trump tried to slam that door shut in an executive order, citing health costs and possible morale problems among non-transgenger members. He also ordered current transgender military members to be discharged.