有消息称 洪博培将被提名美驻俄大使

美国媒体报道说，曾在前美国总统奥巴马任内担任驻华大使的洪博培将由川普总统提名为美国派驻俄罗斯大使。

接近白宫的消息来源说，洪博培已经接受了川普总统的邀请。洪博培是共和党人，2005年至2009年担任美国西部犹他州州长，之后辞职赴京担任驻华大使。他在2012年曾简短地参选总统。他还在前总统老布什任内担任过美国驻新加坡大使。

洪博培在获得提名之际，正值华盛顿和莫斯科之间的关系日益紧张。美国情报机构指控俄罗斯黑客侵入民主党全国委员会总部，并泄漏了起到破坏作用的电子邮件，试图帮助川普在去年的总统选举中击败希拉里·克林顿。

这场争论给新上任的川普政府带来了阴影，特别是围绕着川普的一些盟友曾在竞选期间与俄罗斯官员会面的指控方面。

Sources: Jon Huntsman to Be Nominated as US Ambassador to Russia

News outlets report that Jon Huntsman, who served as ambassador to China under former U.S. President Barack Obama, will be nominated by President Donald Trump as the nation's envoy to Russia.

Sources close to the White House say Huntsman has accepted President Trump's offer to serve in the post. Huntsman, a Republican, served as governor of ((the western U.S. state of)) Utah from 2005 to 2009, before resigning to take the Beijing post. He briefly ran for president in 2012. He also served as U.S. ambassador to Singapore under President George H.W. Bush.

Huntsman's nomination comes at time of increasing tensions and recriminations between Washington and Moscow. U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Russia of hacking the Democratic National Committee headquarters and releasing damaging emails in an effort to help Trump defeat Hillary Clinton in last year's presidential elections.

The controversy has cast a shadow over the new Trump administration, especially over allegations that some of the president's key allies met with Russian officials during the campaign.

美国指责俄罗斯部署导弹 违反军控协议

美国首次公开指责俄罗斯部署一枚巡航导弹，从而违反了30年前签署的军备控制协议。

美国参谋长联席会议副主席保罗· 萨尔瓦上将在国会山证实，俄罗斯部署的这枚陆基导弹，违反了1987年签署的《中程核力量条约》的“精神和意图”。

萨尔瓦星期三在美国众议院军事委员会的听证会上作证。这是美国军方首次公开证实上个月传出的有关俄罗斯秘密部署导弹的报道。

萨尔瓦在听证会上说，俄罗斯的导弹部署对美国在欧洲的大多数设施构成威胁。他还说，俄罗斯企图威胁北大西洋公约组织。

US Accuses Russia of Deploying Missile in Violation of Arms Control Treaty

The United States has publicly accused Russia for the first time of deploying a cruise missile in violation of a 30 year-old arms control agreement.

Joint Chiefs of Staff Vice Chairman General Paul Selva confirmed on Capitol Hill the deployment of the land-based missile violates the "spirit and intent" of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.

Selva's remarks Wednesday before the House Armed Services Committee were the U.S. military's first public confirmation of reports last month that Russia had secretly positioned them.

Selva testified the deployment poses "risk to most of our facilities in Europe." He added the move is an attempt by Russia to threaten the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.