白宫确认总统每周广播讲话暂停

白宫确认，实行了几十年的总统每周广播讲话无限期暂停。

白宫新闻秘书桑德斯在星期一的新闻简报会上回答美国之音问题时说：“我们收到了一些建议和很多反馈，都说每周讲话的使用没有发挥最大的潜力。我们在研究不同的渠道，希望加以改进，一边能够有更大的效果，提供更多的信息。”

白宫上一次公布川普总统的每周讲话录音是10月13号。川普担任总统头9个月每周都发布广播讲话的录音。

总统每周讲话始于1933年美国深陷经济衰退时期罗斯福总统的“炉边谈话”。罗斯福在担任纽约州长时就开始利用收音机广播与公众沟通。当时无线电广播是一场技术上的革命。

里根总统1982年再次开启了这个传统。曾经做过电台资深广播员和演员的里根开始每星期六从白宫发表广播讲话。

美国之音联系了美国各地若干新闻广播电台，既有大电台也有小电台，它们都不再播放总统的星期六讲话。

White House Confirms Weekly Presidential Radio Address on Hiatus

The White House confirms the weekly presidential radio address – a fixture for decades – is on indefinite hiatus.

“We received quite a few comments and a lot of feedback that the weekly address wasn’t being used to its full potential,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in response to a VOA question during Monday’s daily briefing. “We’re looking at different ways that we can revamp that and make it where it’s more beneficial and gets more information out.”

The last time the White House released a weekly radio recording made by President Donald Trump was on October 13. During the first nine months of his administration he had regularly taped the messages.

Regular presidential radio addresses began with the “fireside chats” of President Franklin Roosevelt during the depth of economic depression in 1933.

Roosevelt had begun using radio to reach the public as governor of New York State at a time when radio broadcasting was a technological revolution.

The tradition was revived by President Ronald Reagan in 1982, a veteran radio announcer and actor, who started the Saturday audio-only addresses from the White House.

川普：美国将再次将朝鲜列入支持恐怖主义国家名单

韩国和日本欢迎美国把朝鲜重新列入支持恐怖主义国家名单的决定。美国此举是为了向朝鲜的专制政权施加更大的金融和外交压力。

韩国外交部星期二说，韩国将美国的行动视为国际社会让朝鲜走上无核化道路共同努力的一部分。

川普总统星期一在白宫说：“多年前就应该如此。”他称平壤政府为“谋杀政权”。

美国国务院星期二将正式宣布把朝鲜重新列入支持恐怖主义国家名单的决定。目前只有伊朗、叙利亚和苏丹在名单上。

一位美国国务院官员说，川普行政当局认定，平壤一再对国际恐怖主义提供支持，包括在外国进行谋杀。这位官员说，朝鲜在国际上一贯采取这类危险和恶意的行动。

蒂勒森国务卿说，目前正在对朝鲜实施的制裁开始产生效果，仍然有通过外交手段解决朝鲜问题的希望。

朝鲜炸毁一家韩国客机，造成115人丧生后，美国1988年把朝鲜列入支持恐怖主义国家名单。但是在朝鲜满足了一项朝鲜半岛非核化协议的要求后，美国把朝鲜从名单上去除。

Trump: US to Redesignate North Korea as State Sponsor of Terror

South Korea and Japan have welcomed a move by the United States to redesignate North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism in order to put additional financial and diplomatic pressure on the totalitarian government.

South Korea's foreign ministry said Tuesday it sees the decision "as part of the international community's joint efforts to take North Korea to the path of denuclearization."

"It should have happened years ago," President Donald Trump said Monday from the White House, calling the Pyongyang government a "murderous regime."

The move, which will be formally announced by the State Department on Tuesday, returns North Korea to the department's State Sponsors of Terrorism list. Currently, the only countries on the list are Iran, Syria and Sudan.

A State Department official said the Trump administration determined Pyongyang "has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism," including assassinations on foreign soil. "These acts are in keeping with the DPRK's wider range of dangerous and malicious behavior," the official said.

Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said sanctions already in place against North Korea are having an effect and that there is still hope for diplomacy.

The United States put North Korea on the terror sponsor list in 1988, after North Korean agents blew up a South Korean civilian airliner, killing 115 people. But Pyongyang was removed in 2008 after they met benchmarks related to a nuclear disarmament deal.