以色列25年来首次批准建设全新犹太人定居点

以色列安全内阁批准了25年来在约旦河西岸首个新的犹太定居点，并同时与美国就未来的计划进行会谈。

自1992年以来，在约旦河西岸建立的犹太人住房都是以前建成的定居点的扩建。周四批准的在施洛附近的将是第一个全新的建设。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡答应为数百名定居者提供新的住房。那些人被迫离开阿莫纳定居点，原因是最高法院判决，那是在巴勒斯坦土地上非法建造的。那个定居点被拆毁了。

新定居点将建在阿莫纳旧址附近，位于巴勒斯坦人希望作为未来国家一部分的地区。

巴勒斯坦人认为，持续进行的犹太定居点活动是巴以和平的主要障碍。

联合国大部分国家认为犹太定居点是非法的。但川普领导下的白宫没有像奥巴马政府那样迅速对以色列作出谴责。

一名白宫官员星期四说：“虽然定居点的存在本身没有妨碍和平，但进一步不受约束的活动无助于促进和平。”

这名官员说，以色列表示，打算在通过定居点活动政策时考虑到川普总统的关切，白宫对此表示欢迎。以色列和美国官员一直在就新定居点的行为准则进行会谈。

Israel Approves First Totally New Jewish Settlement in 25 Years

Israel's security cabinet has approved the country's first new Jewish settlement in the West Bank in 25 years, while it holds talks with the U.S. on future activity.

Jewish homes built in the West Bank since 1992 were expansions of previously built settlements. The construction approved Thursday near Shilo will be the first completely new one.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu promised new homes for the hundreds of settlers forced to abandon the Amona settlement, which the Supreme Court declared was illegally built on Palestinian land. It was destroyed.

The new settlement will be built close to the former Amona site in the West Bank on land the Palestinians want as part of a future state.

Palestinians regard ongoing Jewish settlement activity as the major impediment to peace.

Much of the United Nations regards Jewish settlements as illegal. But the Trump White House has not followed the former Obama administration in quickly condemning the Israeli policy.

"While the existence of settlements is not in itself an impediment to peace, further unrestrained activity does not help advance peace," a White House official said Thursday.

The official said the White House welcomes Israel's stated intent to consider President Trump's concerns when it adopts a policy on settlement activity. Israeli and U.S. officials have been holding talks on setting guidelines for new settlements.

白宫为计划废除奥巴马时期互联网隐私规定辩护

白宫星期四为国会最近通过的一项法案作出辩护，该法案废除了奥巴马时代的互联网隐私保护规定。白宫表示，此举旨在为电讯公司创造一个公平的竞争环境。

白宫发言人斯派塞在周四的新闻发布会上重申，川普总统支持废除禁止互联网服务提供商收集用户个人资料规定的计划。

斯派塞说，奥巴马政府的规定将互联网服务提供商重新分类为普通运营商，类似于酒店和其他零售商店，这和边缘提供商（如谷歌和脸书）相比，对他们不公平。

斯派塞说，废除这一规定将“使得服务提供商得到公平对待，将对消费者的保护和对隐私的担忧放在公平竞争环境里进行审查。”

反对废除此法案的人说，这将使个人的互联网浏览历史得以被出售给出价最高的买主。

斯派塞称这些规定是“联邦政府越权”之举，是“由华盛顿的官僚制定的‘联邦超越’规则，将一群公司的利益与其它人的利益权衡后，选择赢家和输家的结果。

他说，川普上任以来签署的“终止扼杀工作机会的规则和监管”的行政命令数量比他所有前任的总和还多。斯派塞说：“川普将继续与扼杀美国创新、创造就业和经济增长的华盛顿传统进行战斗。”

White House Defends Plan to Eliminate Obama-Era Internet Privacy Rules

The White House on Thursday defended a bill recently passed by Congress to repeal Obama-era Internet privacy protections, saying the move is meant to create a fair playing field for telecommunication companies.

White House Spokesman Sean Spicer, during a Thursday press briefing, reiterated President Donald Trump’s support for the plan to repeal a rule forbidding Internet service providers from collecting personal data on users.

Spicer said the Obama administration’s rules reclassified Internet service providers as common carriers, similar to hotels and other retail stores, treating them unfairly compared to edge providers, like Google and Facebook.

Repealing the rules, he said, will “allow service providers to be treated fairly, and consumer protection and privacy concerns to be reviewed on a level playing field.”

Critics of the repeal bill say it could put the Internet browsing histories of private citizens up for sale to the highest bidder.

Spicer called the rules “federal overreach” instituted by “bureaucrats in Washington to take the interests of one group of companies over the interests of others, picking winners and losers.”

He said Trump has signed more legislation “ending job killing rules and regulations” already during his tenure than all former presidents combined. “[Trump] will continue to fight Washington red tape that stifles American innovation, job creation and economic growth,” Spicer said.