第九巡回上诉法院裁判禁止执行旅行禁令

第二家联邦上诉法院的法官通过表决，维持暂停执行美国总统川普颁布的限制来自六个以穆斯林为主要人口的国家民众的旅行禁令。

星期一，旧金山的第九联邦巡回上诉法院一致决定，暂停执行川普颁布的临时旅行禁令，判决的主要理由是，3月2日川普发布 《保护美国防止外国恐怖分子进入美国》的行政令逾越了他的权限。

这个由三名法官组成的合议庭表示，虽然美国《移民与国籍法》给予总统广泛的权力来控制谁能进出美国并且保护美国安全，“移民事务，即便对美国总统来说，也不是独角戏。”

星期一的这项裁决与位于维吉尼亚州的第四联邦巡回上诉法院在5月25日作出的裁决类似。在那项裁决中，第四联邦巡回上诉法院维持了马里兰州一位联邦法官下达的禁止执行旅行禁令部分内容的裁决。但是两个法院的裁判理由非常不同。

第四巡回上诉法院主要聚焦在川普总统的表态和推特，指出这些言论显示出，禁令是针对穆斯林的。川普在竞选美国总统期间曾倡导要颁布这样的禁令。第四巡回上诉法院的裁决所涵盖的只是旅行禁令的部分内容，也就是九十天内禁止来自六个以穆斯林为主要人口的国家的人入境的规定。第九巡回法院则做出更广泛的判决，谈及了《移民与国籍法》和法院认为不足以合理支持旅行禁令的理由。

川普政府已经就第四巡回上诉法院的裁判上诉至最高法院，请求最高法院立即移除东西两岸法院下达的禁制令。

周一判决针对的是川普政府第二次发布的旅行禁令。第一次发布的禁令被一家联邦地区法院裁判暂停执行，第九巡回上诉法院维持了那项裁决。

Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals Rules Against Travel Ban

A second U.S. federal court has voted to uphold a block on President Donald Trump's executive order restricting travel from six mostly Muslim countries.

The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco ruled unanimously Monday against Trump's temporary ban, on the grounds that the president overstepped his authority when he issued his March 2 executive order.

The three-judge panel said that while the 1952 Immigration and Nationality Act gives the president broad powers to both control entrants to the United States and protect U.S. security, "immigration, even for the president, is not a one-person show."

Monday's decision echoes a previous ruling by the Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which on May 25 upheld a Maryland judge's ruling blocking parts of the order. But the two courts made very different arguments.

The 4th Circuit focused largely on statements and tweets made by President Trump that indicated his order was a ban on Muslims, something he advocated during his campaign for president. But the 4th Circuit was only ruling on the portion of the law restricting travel from the six countries for 90 days. The 9th Circuit ruled more broadly and focused on the INA and what the judges saw as insufficient justification to support the travel order.

The Trump administration has appealed the 4th Circuit ruling to the Supreme Court, asking for immediate relief from restraining orders issued on both coasts.

The travel order that was the subject of Monday's ruling is a second attempt by the Trump administration. The first was withdrawn after it, too, was stayed by a district court. That stay also was upheld by the 9th Circuit.

杜兰特带领金州勇士夺得NBA总冠军

金州勇士队星期一晚上以129对120击败克里夫兰骑士队，三年里第二次赢得NBA总冠军。

勇士队前锋杜兰特在七场四胜制的第五场比赛中，个人得分39分，将成为NBA决赛中最有价值球员。

这是杜兰特第一次赢得NBA冠军。他10年篮球生涯，前9年都是效力于俄克拉荷马城雷霆队，本赛季才转签金州勇士。

金州勇士队的库里在星期一的比赛中得34分，外加10次助攻。

克里夫兰队的勒布朗·詹姆斯，是去年NBA决赛的最有价值球员，他在星期一晚上的比赛中得41分，13个篮板，8次助攻，但还是没能挽回败局。

Durant Leads Warriors to NBA Championship

The Golden State Warriors won their second National Basketball Association championship in three years Monday night with a 129-120 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Warriors forward Kevin Durant scored 39 points in Game 5 of the best-of-7 series on his way to being named NBA Finals most valuable player.

The championship is the first for Durant, a 10-year veteran who spent the first nine years of his career in Oklahoma City before signing with the Warriors before this season.

Golden State's Stephen Curry scored 34 points and 10 assists Monday.

Cleveland's LeBron James, last year's Finals MVP, had 41 points, 13 rebounds and 8 assists in the loss.