川普据信将宣布终止延缓遣返梦想生 有人拟抗议

白宫预计将在星期二就是否延续《童年入境者暂缓遣返行动》(DACA)宣布决定。这个由前总统奥巴马制定的项目在过去五年内暂停遣返了好几十万被称为“梦想生”的年轻无证移民。媒体初步的报道显示，川普总统将终止这一项目。

有关官员对媒体描述了川普总统将要采取的措施。他们说，川普将废止这一项目，但延期六个月执行，好给国会时间来解决这一问题。这一项目是前总统奥巴马以行政令的方式启动的，国会议员没有参与。

美国司法部长塞申斯计划就此事召开记者会，但是司法部说，塞申斯不会回答记者提问。川普总统星期二公开的日程安排不包括跟这一项目有关的内容。

有人计划星期二在白宫前抗议，声援DACA项目及其受益人。在全美各地有大约80万“梦想生”，他们是在年幼的时候被带入美国的。预计美国其它城市也会有示威活动。

川普总统上任前就允诺要废除DACA，不过他有时似乎又缓和了言辞。但是，川普总统就职后把强化遣返制度当成施政重点，并呼吁增聘数以千计的移民和边境事务人员。

迈阿密法学院移民和公民法教授戴维·亚伯拉罕解释说：“DACA不是立法，是行政措施，总统有权彻底或逐步废弃。”

国会是否会在六个月缓冲期过后采取任何行动，另外，在这段时期，如果有人工卡到期是否可以延长，截止到星期一还没有明确答案。

川普政府宣布任何决定前，纽约州和华盛顿州表示，如果川普终止DACA项目的话，他们就会在法庭上对川普的决定提出挑战。

纽约州州长库莫发表声明说：“我们不能坐视不管，眼睁睁看着这些年轻人的生活被毁于一旦。我们有法律和道德上的义务，必须确保法律得到忠实执行，不夹杂歧视或恶意。

众议院议长保罗·瑞安和其他几名共和党议员敦促川普总统不要取消DACA项目。瑞安说，他相信国会能找到办法保护DACA项目涵盖的人。

众议院民主党领袖南希·佩洛希已请求瑞安本星期与民主党人合作，以立法的方式为这些“梦想生”找到出路。

美国两大政党都有人同情“梦想生”并支持DACA项目。不过司法部长杰夫·塞申斯等川普内部核心成员和许多国会共和党籍议员都曾高调批评说，设立DACA项目是行政当局越权。

奥巴马政府在2012年开始了这一项目，允许符合规定的年轻无证移民合法留在美国工作和上学，给予他们半合法的身份，每两年延续一次。不过，这个项目并没有给予让他们成为公民的路径。

符合DACA保护资格的人多数来自墨西哥，其次是危地马拉、萨尔瓦多、韩国、洪都拉斯和中国。

Protests Planned Ahead of DACA Announcement

The White House is expected to announce a decision about Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals on Tuesday, with early media reports indicating the president will end the program that has shielded hundreds of thousands of young undocumented immigrants from deportation for the last five years.

Officials who described the move to journalists said it would come with a six-month delay meant to give Congress time to address the issue. Lawmakers were not involved in instituting the program, which was created through an executive order by former President Barack Obama.

Attorney General Jeff Sessions is scheduled to give a briefing addressing DACA, but the Justice Department says he will not be answering reporters' questions. Trump's public schedule Tuesday does not include anything related to the program.

A protest is planned in front of the White House Tuesday morning in support of DACA and its recipients -- some 800,000 people across the country, brought to the United States as children. Demonstrations are also expected in other cities across the United States.

President Donald Trump came into office with a promise to eliminate DACA, but at times seems to ease up on that rhetoric; since his inauguration, however, the president has prioritized bolstering the country’s deportation system, calling for thousands more immigration and border agents to be hired.

"DACA is not legislation, it’s executive action and the president could rightfully abandon it altogether or piece by piece," explains David Abraham, professor of immigration and citizenship law at the University of Miami School of Law.

Unclear Monday was what would happen if Congress did not take any action before the six-month window ended, or what happens to someone whose work permit comes up for renewal during that period.

Ahead of the administration's announcement, the states of New York and Washington said if Trump does end DACA, they will challenge the decision in court.

"We should not and cannot sit on the sidelines and watch the lives of these young people ruined," New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said in a statement. "We have both a legal and moral obligation to make sure that the laws are faithfully executed without discrimination or animus."

House Speaker Paul Ryan and several other Republican lawmakers are urging the president not to cancel the program. Ryan says he believes Congress should come up with a way of protecting people now in the DACA program.

House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi has asked Ryan to work with Democrats this week to find a legislative solution for the people sometimes referred to as "Dreamers."

There are DACA supporters on both sides of the political aisle in the United States, but key members of Trump’s inner circle - including Attorney General Sessions - and many Republican members of Congress are vocal opponents who have criticized the program’s creation as executive overreach.

The Obama administration began the program in 2012 to allow young undocumented immigrants who met the requirements to lawfully remain in the country to work and study, in a semi-legal status that has to be renewed every two years. It does not provide a path to citizenship, however.

The majority of DACA-eligible people are from Mexico, followed by Guatemala, El Salvador, South Korea, Honduras, and China.

柬埔寨反对党领袖被控叛国

柬埔寨反对党领袖根索卡因叛国罪被正式起诉，如果罪名成立，将面临15到30年刑期。

柬埔寨首都金边的一家法院星期二宣布，柬埔寨反对党救国党主席根索卡被控与外国势力秘谋，企图颠覆政府。

根索卡的女儿在推特上说，根索卡的家星期天被突袭，他和保镖在突袭中被捕。柬埔寨政府说，抓捕根索卡是因为他在澳大利亚墨尔本一家私人柬埔寨广播网上发表的视频评论。根索卡在这段2013年的视频中声称，他得到了美国的帮助，在柬埔寨建立亲民主运动。

根索卡推特帐户上星期一写着：“我可能失去自由，但希望自由永远不会在柬埔寨死去。”

Cambodian Opposition Leader Formally Charged with Treason

Cambodian opposition leader Kem Sokha has been formally charged with treason, and is facing a sentence between 15 to 30 years in jail if convicted.

A court in the capital, Phnom Penh, announced Tuesday that the leader of the Cambodia National Rescue Party is accused of secretly colluding with a foreign entity to undermine the government.

Sokha was arrested Sunday during a raid on his home, along with his bodyguards, according to a tweet by his daughter, Kem Monovithya. The government said it arrested Sokha based on his comments in a video broadcast by the private Cambodian Broadcasting Network, based in Melbourne, Australia. In the video, which dates back to 2013, Sokha claims he has received help from the United States to build a pro-democracy movement in Cambodia.

A post on his Twitter feed Monday said "I may lose my freedom, but may freedom never die in Cambodia."