FBI局长反驳川普有关奥巴马监听的指控

美国联邦调查局局长詹姆斯·科米反驳了川普总统提出的前总统奥巴马在去年总统大选投票前几个星期对他进行窃听的爆炸性说法。

在周一众议院情报委员会听证会上，科米还证实，联邦调查局正在就川普竞选团队助理们是否与俄罗斯利益集团合谋，帮助川普赢得大选进行调查。

科米表示，“我们没有任何信息支持川普推文”中所说奥巴马在川普竞选总部纽约市的川普大厦对他进行窃听的说法。

尽管科米提出这一声明，白宫发言人斯派塞后来仍表示，川普不会撤回他的指称。斯派塞说，“我们已经开始了听证会，目前仍在进行中。”他说，“还有很多领域需要覆盖，有很多信息需要讨论。＂

科米告诉情报委员会，由于针对俄罗斯染指美国大选的反情报调查属于机密，“我不能更具体地谈论我们正在做的工作和我们正在调查哪些人的行为。”他说，国会领导人已经在闭门会议中被告知相关情况。

但是科米说，他得到了司法部的授权，可以证实联邦调查局的调查内容“包括川普竞选团队的有关人员与俄罗斯政府之间联系的性质，以及这个团队与俄罗斯的行为之间是否存在某种配合。

科米作证之前几个小时，川普讥讽有关他的竞选团队为了获得大选的胜利而与俄罗斯利益集团有共谋的说法。川普说，这是民主党为自己败选而制造的借口。

FBI Chief Debunks Trump Claim that Obama Wiretapped Him

FBI Director James Comey has debunked President Donald Trump's explosive claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped him in the weeks before last year's presidential election.

At a hearing before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee Monday, Comey also confirmed that his agency is investigating whether Trump campaign aides criminally colluded with Russian interests to help him win.

"I have no information that supports (Trump's) tweets" claiming that Obama eavesdropped on him at his Trump Tower headquarters in New York, Comey said.

Despite that statement, White House spokesman Sean Spicer later said Trump will not withdraw his wiretapping allegation. "We've started a hearing, it's still ongoing," Spicer said. "There's a lot of areas that still need to be covered. There's a lot of information that still needs to be discussed."

Comey told the panel that because the counter-intelligence investigation of Russian efforts to interfere in the U.S. election is classified, "I cannot say more about what we are doing and whose conduct we are examining." He said congressional leaders have been briefed behind closed doors.

But Comey said he has been authorized by the Justice Department to confirm that the FBI probe "includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts."

Hours earlier, Trump derided any suggestion that his campaign colluded with Russian interests to help him win the White House, saying it was an excuse "made up" by Democrats for losing the election.

戈萨奇面临党派划界的确认听证质询

美国总统川普提名的联邦最高法院大法官人选、现任联邦上诉法官尼尔·戈萨奇，星期二进入他确认听证会的第二天，他将面对一个泾渭分明的参议院委员会的质疑。

确认听证会从星期一的开场陈述开始，包括戈萨奇的自述。他在发言中表明了自己反对司法能动主义的明确的保守倾向。

戈萨奇说，“是这个机构，这些人民的代表（国会）制定新的法律，”他说， “如果法官只是秘密的立法者，宣布的不是法律代表什么，而是他们希望的是什么，那么一个民治、民享的政府这一根本理念就会面临危险。”

参议院司法委员会的共和党人赞扬了戈萨奇的保守司法理念，而民主党人则表示担心他会加强他们所认为是最高法院的支持大公司的倾向。

委员会主席、来自爱奥华州的共和党人葛拉斯理说：“不管你的政治理念如何，你应该关注的是维护我们的宪政秩序，包括最重要的分权。”他说，“美国人民所幸的是，我们今天有一位提名人，其专业工作的整体便是由对这些原则的坚定承诺决定的。”

委员会最资深的民主党人、来自加利福尼亚州的范斯坦说，“我们的工作是评估这名提名人的决定将如何影响美国人民，以及他是否将保护所有美国人，而不仅仅是富人和强权的法律和宪法权利”。

Gorsuch to Face Questioning After Partisan Divides Emerge in Confirmation Hearing

President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, federal appellate Judge Neil Gorsuch, faces questioning Tuesday from a sharply divided Senate panel on the second day of his confirmation hearings.

The proceedings began Monday with opening statements, including one from Gorsuch, who made clear his conservative leanings by speaking out against judicial activism.

“It’s for this body, the people’s representatives [in Congress] to make new laws,” Gorsuch said. “If judges were just secret legislators, declaring not what the law is but what they would like it to be, the very idea of a government by the people and for the people would be at risk.”

Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee praised Gorsuch’s conservative judicial philosophy while Democrats voiced concerns that he would solidify what they view as the Supreme Court’s pro-corporate leanings.

“No matter your politics, you should be concerned about the preservation of our constitutional order, and most importantly the separation of powers,” said the committee’s chairman, Chuck Grassley, an Iowa Republican. “Fortunately for every American, we have before us today a nominee whose body of professional work is defined by an unfailing commitment to these principles.”

“Our job is to assess how this nominee’s decisions will impact the American people, and whether he will protect the legal and constitutional rights of all Americans, not just the wealthy and the powerful,” said the committee’s top Democrat, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California.