金正男之死引发朝鲜和马来西亚间纷争

朝鲜领导人金正恩的同父异母兄弟金正男被暗杀后，朝鲜和马来西亚间的外交紧张局势正在升级。

吉隆坡召回了驻朝鲜大使“磋商”。在此之前，朝鲜驻马来西亚大使姜哲抨击马来西亚，原因是有关官员拒绝将金正男遗体交给朝鲜，也不允许朝鲜大使馆的一名代表参加尸检。

马来西亚外交部周一召见姜哲。他指控马来西亚“试图隐瞒事实”，与恶意伤害朝鲜的“敌对势力”串通。马来西亚外交部驳回姜哲的说法，称其“毫无根据”。

据马来西亚和韩国官员说，45岁的金正男星期一去往医院途中死亡，据报道，他在马来西亚的吉隆坡国际机场等待乘坐飞往澳门的航班时，有两名女子与他搭讪后使他中毒。

日本富士电视台周一播出由机场的安全摄像机拍摄的视频片断，显示了金正男受到致命攻击的有关画面。在有人与他搭讪之后，画面显示他向机场工作人员求助，同时用手势示意他的眼睛。

目前有四人因涉嫌犯案被拘留，其中包括两名涉嫌袭击者和一名朝鲜公民，他们上星期五被捕。调查人员还在寻找金正男遇害当天乘飞机离开马来西亚的四名朝鲜男子。

North Korea, Malaysia at Odds Over Death of Kim Jong Un's Brother

Diplomatic tensions are rising between North Korea and Malaysia in the aftermath of the apparent assassination of the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

Kuala Lumpur has recalled its ambassador to Pyongyang for "consultations" after North Korea's envoy to Malaysia, Kang Chol, lashed out at Malaysia after officials rejected the North's demands to release Kim Jon Nam's body, and to allow a representative from the North Korean embassy to be present at the autopsy.

Kang Chol was summoned by Malaysia's foreign ministry Monday after he accused Malaysia of "trying to conceal something," and of "colluding and playing into the gallery of external forces." The foreign ministry dismissed the ambassador's claims as "baseless."

The 45-year-old Kim Jong Nam died en route to a hospital last Monday after he was reportedly accosted and poisoned by two women at Malaysia’s Kuala Lumpur International Airport while waiting to take a Macau-bound flight, according to Malaysian and South Korean officials.

Japanese broadcaster Fuji TV aired footage Monday taken by the airport's security cameras that reportedly depicts the fatal assault on Kim. After he was accosted, Kim is shown seeking help from airport workers while gesturing at his eyes.

Four people have been detained in connection with the crime, including the two suspected assailants and a North Korean national, who was arrested Friday. Investigators are also seeking four North Korean men who flew out of Malaysia on the day of Kim's death.

美国副总统彭斯安抚欧洲：美国仍是坚定盟友

美国副总统彭斯表示，他“非常期待”星期一与欧盟和北约领导人举行的会谈。

在外界对于美国新行政当局的“美国第一”战略的关注之下，彭斯展开上任后首次欧洲之旅，意在向盟国展示美国仍然是其坚定的盟友。

彭斯的行程包括与欧盟外交与安全政策高级代表莫盖里尼、欧盟理事会主席图斯克和欧盟委员会主席让·克洛德·容克举行会谈。

莫盖里尼上周在华盛顿与美国官员会晤后表示，在维持对俄罗斯的多边制裁、维持伊朗核协议和解决难民危机的问题上欧盟希望与美国合作。欧盟官员也可能寻求澄清川普上月在两次欧洲报纸采访中提出的预测，川普说其他国家将效仿英国离开欧盟。

彭斯星期一下午将会见北约秘书长斯托尔滕贝格，之后结束他的欧洲之行。

彭斯星期六在慕尼黑的欧盟安全会议上表示支持北约，川普曾在竞选时称北约“过时”，彭斯的声明带来安抚。他在首次就美国新政府外交政策作出的重要讲话中说：”美国坚定地支持北约，将毫不动摇遵守对我们跨大西洋联盟的承诺。“

VP Pence Reassures Europe US Remains Staunch Ally

U.S. Vice President Mike Pence says he is looking "very much forward" to his talks Monday with European Union and NATO leaders.

Pence is on his first trip to Europe since taking office, intending to reassure allies the United States remains a staunch friend amid concerns about the new administration's "America First" strategy.

The vice president's schedule includes meetings with EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, EU Council President Donald Tusk and EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.

Mogherini said after meeting U.S. officials in Washington last week that maintaining multilateral sanctions on Russia, keeping the Iran nuclear agreement in place and addressing the refugee crisis are issues the EU would like to collaborate on with the U.S. EU officials will also likely seek clarity on Trump's prediction last month in two European newspaper interviews that other countries would follow Britain and leave the alliance.

In the afternoon, Pence meets with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg to close his European trip.

He expressed support for NATO at the alliance's security conference Saturday in Munich, adding reassurances after Trump's campaign statements describing NATO as "obsolete." "The United States of America strongly supports NATO and will be unwavering in our commitment to our transatlantic alliance," Pence said in his first major foreign policy address for the new administration.