川普将提名洪博培出任驻俄大使

美国前犹他州州长乔恩·亨茨曼，也就是中国人耳熟能详的前驻华大使洪博培曾在四届美国政府任职，如今又被第五届政府提名。

白宫星期二宣布，川普总统将提名洪博培出任美国驻俄罗斯大使。

洪博培1960年3月出生，他父亲老亨茨曼创建了一个大型化工厂，是亿万富翁。

洪博培高中辍学，在一个摇滚乐队做键盘手，后来完成学业，毕业于宾夕法尼亚大学。他是摩门教徒，曾到台湾传教，说得一口流利的普通话。

大学毕业后，洪博培曾在里根总统任期内担任白宫助理，32岁就被老布什总统任命为美国驻新加坡大使。

洪博培后来又在小布什总统任期内担任贸易官员，他还管理过亨茨曼家族控股公司。

洪博培2004年参选犹他州州长，竞选纲领是简化犹他州税法，促进工业发展，对犹他州受摩门教影响的酒类限制规定进行改革。他最终以58%的得票率当选。

洪博培四年后又以78%的得票率连任，并开始与全国政治咨询人士接触，他的名字也开始出现在2012年总统大选共和党看好的候选人名单中。

2009年5月，美国总统奥巴马任命洪博培出任美国驻华大使。

2010年接近尾声时，洪博培告诉新闻周刊说，他觉得他和家人“骨子里可能还有最后一次选举要参加”。2011年，洪博培辞去驻华大使的职务，携家人返回美国，参加共和党总统候选人的角逐。

起初，洪博培因为他的外交经验、在某些社会问题温和的立场和他在财政上的保守观点，成为外界非常看好的候选人，但令人失望的是，他在2012年新罕布什尔州共和党党内初选中只排在第三位，洪博培随即宣布退出选举。

2014年1月，洪博培被任命为智库“大西洋委员会”主席。

洪博培曾在接受Politico 采访时表示，他不会参加2016年总统大选。2016年4月，洪博培决定支持共和党候选人川普，但是后来又撤回了他的支持。

Who is Jon Huntsman?

Former Governor of Utah Jon Huntsman Jr. has served in the administrations of four U.S. presidents and is now being considered by the fifth.

On Tuesday, the White House announced that President Donald Trump will nominate Huntsman as U.S. Ambassador to Russia.

Born in March 1960, Huntsman is the motorcycle-driving son of billionaire Jon Huntsman Sr, who founded a large chemical manufacturer.

He dropped out of high school to play keyboard in a rock band, later finishing school and graduating from the University of Pennsylvania. He also served as a Mormon missionary in Taiwan, and speaks fluent Mandarin.

After university, Huntsman worked as an aide in President Ronald Reagan's White House, and, while still in his early 30s, President George H. W. Bush appointed him ambassador to Singapore.

Later he served as a trade official under President George W. Bush, and ran the Huntsman family's holding company.

In 2004, he ran for governor of Utah promising to simplify the state's tax code, develop industry and reform the state's Mormon-inspired alcohol restrictions. He was elected governor with 58% of the vote.

After his re-election in 2008 with 78% of the vote, he began meeting national political consultants and his name began to surface in discussions about the Republican party's prospects for the 2012 race.

In May 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Huntsman to be ambassador to China.

Towards the end of 2010, Huntsman told Newsweek magazine he thought he and his family "may have one final run left in our bones." In 2011, Huntsman resigned his post in order to return to the United States with his family to pursue the nomination of the Republican Party for president of the United States.

Initially, Huntsman looked like a promising candidate with his foreign policy experience, moderate position on some social issues, and his fiscal conservatism. But shortly after a disappointing third-place finish in the 2012 New Hampshire Republican Primary, Huntsman resigned from the race.

In January 2014, Huntsman was named chairman of the think-tank the Atlantic Council.

Huntsman indicated in an interview with Politico that he would not run in the 2016 presidential election. In April 2016, Huntsman decided to endorse Republican nominee Donald Trump, but later retracted his endorsement.

土耳其以“帮助恐怖分子”为由关押6名人权活动人士

土耳其关押了六名人权活动人士，包括国际特赦在土耳其的负责人，罪名是帮助恐怖分子。

警方7月5日对王子岛一家旅馆发动突袭，逮捕了这六个人，当时他们正在参加一个数字安全研讨会。伊斯坦布尔一家法院星期二裁决，这六人继续关押，等待开庭。

除了国际特赦在土耳其的负责人艾德尔·伊瑟外，被捕的还有德国和瑞士人权工作者。

土耳其媒体报道说，这六个人被控跟库尔德、左翼激进分子，以及流亡的穆斯林教士居伦领导的运动成员有联系。居伦一度曾是土耳其总统埃尔多安的亲密盟友，如今已是土耳其政府通缉名单的首犯。

国际特赦秘书长萨利尔·赛迪说，“这不是合法调查，而是有政治动机的猎巫行动，让土耳其人权前景堪忧。”

美国也对这次逮捕事件表示谴责。

国务院发言人诺尔特告诉记者说：“这样毫无证据和透明度的迫害，削弱了土耳其的法治和土耳其尊重个人权利的义务。”

美国敦促土耳其放弃指控，释放六名在押者，结束土耳其紧急状态的相关规定。国务院发言人说，这些规定让土耳其政府可以“不分青红皂白地对个人进行迫害”。

本周早些时候，土耳其将未遂政变后实施的紧急状态延长了三个月。此前不久，土耳其选民以微弱多数批准了一项全民公决，修改宪法，扩大总统埃尔多安的权力。

美国总统川普对埃尔多安的全民公决胜利表示祝贺，但是很多欧盟领导人担心，即将出现的宪法改动会进一步侵蚀土耳其的人权和言论自由，让反对派无法发声。

土耳其未遂政变以来历时一年的镇压行动中，有5万多人被捕，还有11万公务员、军人和执法人员被解除职务，有些是因为参与政变，有些是因为积极同情政变策划者。

Turkey Jails 6 Human-Rights Activists for 'Aiding Terrorists'

Turkey has jailed six human-rights activists, including Amnesty International's Turkey chief, for allegedly aiding terrorists.

Police arrested the six during a raid on a hotel on the island of Buyukada on July 5, during a digital security workshop. On Tuesday a court in Istanbul ordered them to remain behind bars until a trial.

In addition to Amnesty's director of operations in Turkey, Idil Eser, German and Swiss human-rights workers were among the detainees.

Turkish media reports said the six are accused of having been in contact with Kurdish and leftist militants and suspected members of the movement led by exiled Muslim cleric Fetullah Gulen - once President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's close ally, but now at the top of the Turkish government's most-wanted list.

"This is not a legitimate investigation. This is a politically motivated witch hunt that charts a frightening future for rights in Turkey," Amnesty secretary general Salil Shetty said Tuesday.

The United States also condemned the arrests.

"Prosecutions like these with little evidence or transparency undermine Turkey's rule of law and the country's obligation to respect individual rights," State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters.

The U.S. urged Turkey to drop the charges, free the six prisoners, and lift provisions of the country's state of emergency that allow what the U.S. spokeswoman called the "indiscriminate prosecutions of individuals."

Turkey extended its post-coup state of emergency three more months this week, shortly after voters narrowly approved a referendum to amend the constitution and expand President Erdogan's powers.

U.S. President Donald Trump congratulated Erdogan on his referendum victory, but many European Union leaders fear the impending constitutional changes will further erode human rights and free speech in Turkey and muzzle the opposition.

More than 50,000 people have been arrested during a yearlong crackdown since last year's coup. In addition, 110,000 civil servants, members of the military and law-enforcement agencies were dismissed for either participating in the coup or actively sympathizing with the plotters.