布基纳法索安全部队结束了对在首都一家餐厅开火的武装分子的行动。星期天的袭击造成至少18人死亡，8人受伤。

在瓦加杜古的一家土耳其餐厅发动袭击的圣战者嫌疑人中有两人在与部队的枪战中丧生。目前还不清楚有多少袭击者。

一些人在袭击者开火时得以逃离餐厅，但其他人被困在建筑物内。

目前还没有人声称对暴力事件负责。

处于西非内陆的布基纳法索是世界上最穷困的国家之一。布基纳法索在偏远的北部与马里接壤，马里与伊斯兰极端分子战斗了多年。

2016年1月，瓦加杜古的一家豪华酒店和附近的咖啡厅遭到袭击，造成30人死亡。 伊斯兰马格里布的基地组织声称对袭击负责。

Burkina Faso's security forces have ended their operation against gunmen who opened fire Sunday on a restaurant in the country's capital, killing at least 18 people and wounding eight.

Two of the suspected jihadists were killed in the shootout with the forces. It was not immediately clear how many assailants were involved in the raid.

Some people were able to escape the restaurant when the attackers opened fire, but others were trapped inside the building.

There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence.

The landlocked country, one of the poorest in the world, shares a remote northern border with Mali, a country that has long battled Islamic extremists.

In January 2016, an attack on a luxury hotel and a nearby cafe in Ouagadougou killed 30 people. Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility for the raid.

美国谴责叙利亚反政府武装控制的伊德利卜省七名“叙利亚白头盔”民间防卫组织成员被杀害。

美国国务院发言人诺尔特说，这些成员被杀害是令人难过和可怕的。

努尔特在一份声明中说：“蒙面者杀害平民志愿者是一种懦夫行径。这些志愿者作为急救人员在极其危险的环境里为挽救生命而不知疲倦地努力。”

诺尔特说，美国对被她称为“英雄”的遇难者的家属表示哀悼，说希望正义能够得到伸张。

叙利亚白头盔表示，不明身份的枪手星期六对该组织在伊德利卜省西部一个小镇的基地发动了突袭，开枪打死七名成员。两辆面包车、一些象征该组织的白色帽子和步话机被盗。

没有人宣布对袭击负责。叙利亚反政府武装沙姆阵线控制伊德利卜省。该组织谴责了袭击，称袭击是“肮脏的犯罪”，并誓言要抓捕凶手，保护白头盔组织。

白头盔是叙利亚民间防务人员，他们志愿在反政府武装控制的区域从被轰炸的建筑物内迅速抢救平民。

一些成员在第一线工作时殉职。他们获得2016年诺贝尔和平奖提名后在国际社会上出名。

尽管有批评指责白头盔支持反政府武装与叙利亚政府作战，但他们坚持表示，他们在叙利亚内政中是中立的。

The United States is condemning the murders of seven Syrian White Helmet civil defense members in rebel-controlled Idlib province.

State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert calls the murders sad and horrifying.

"These cowardly acts of masked men took the lives of civilian volunteers who work tirelessly as first responders in order to save lives in incredibly dangerous environments," she said in a statement.

Nauert says the U.S. sends it condolences to the families of those she calls "heroes," and hopes they can find justice.

The White Helmets say unidentified gunmen shot the seven members dead during a raid on their base Saturday in the town of Sarmin, west of Idlib city. Two vans, some white headgear that identify the volunteers, and walkie-talkies were stolen.

No one has claimed responsibility. Idlib province is controlled by the Syrian rebel group called Hayat Tahrir al-Sham. It condemned what it calls an "ugly crime," vows to hunt down the killers and promises to protect the White Helmets.

The White Helmets are Syrian civil defense workers who volunteer to rush in with no hesitation to pull civilians out of bombed buildings in rebel-held areas.

A number have been killed in the line of duty. They received global renown after they were nominated for the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize.

Despite criticism they back the rebels against the Syrian government, the White Helmets insist they take no sides in the war.