川普民调低迷面临国内外诸多挑战

川普总统很快将迎来执政100天，他的公众民调支持率持续徘徊在百分之40，这对于刚上任的美国总统来说是低分。川普对外政策的支持率由于最近美国对叙利亚和阿富汗的军事打击而略微有所改善，但是他的国内议题似乎没有进展。

最新的盖勒普每日追踪民调显示，川普总统的支持率为百分之41，不支持率为百分之53。这和大约三周前相比有所改善，川普的支持率那时曾跌到百分之35。

最新的马里斯特学院民调显示，川普支持率为百分之39，这与美国打击叙利亚之前几乎没有变化。马里斯特学院民意研究所主任李·米林格夫在民调所附的声明中说，“川普面临着作为三军统帅的关键考验。美国人仍然在期待川普总统展现领导能力。”

Trump Faces Foreign and Domestic Challenges Amid Low Approval Rating

Donald Trump is fast closing in on his first 100 days in office, and his public approval rating continues to hover at around 40 percent, still a low mark for a new U.S. president. Trump's rating on foreign policy has improved slightly in the wake of recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan, but his domestic agenda seems stuck in neutral.

The latest Gallup Daily Tracking Poll has the president's approval rating at 41 percent, with 53 percent disapproval. That is an improvement from about three weeks ago when the approval level had dropped to 35 percent.

The latest Marist College survey found Trump's approval at 39 percent, little changed from before the U.S. strike on Syria. "Trump is facing a critical test as commander-in-chief," according to Lee Miringoff, director of the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion. "Americans are still looking for President Trump to provide leadership," Miringoff said in a statement that accompanied the latest survey.

巴基斯坦调查被拘押的女IS自杀手

巴基斯坦军方官员表示，上周五的一次反恐行动中，抓获一名属于伊斯兰国组织的女性自杀炸弹手，她原本图谋在拉合尔星期天复活节庆祝活动中攻击一座教堂。

陆军发言人贾弗尔星期一在记者会上确认嫌犯为诺琳·勒加里，表示她仍然在接受调查。

有关官员表示，这名年轻女子已经告诉调查人员，伊斯兰国人员通过社交媒体和她接触并灌输激进思想。

贾弗尔将军还反驳了有关诺琳曾前往叙利亚并在伊斯兰国恐怖营地接受训练的报道指称。他说，目前搜集到的证据表明她从未去过叙利亚。

这位发言人公布了一段诺琳的视频认罪声明，她表示，她在巴基斯坦南部海德拉巴德的一所医学院读书，最近才和其他两名共犯搬到拉合尔，准备实施恐怖阴谋。

Pakistan Probes Detained IS Female Suicide Bomber

Military officials in Pakistan say a would-be Islamic State female suicide bomber had planned to assault a church during Eastern celebrations Sunday in Lahore before a counterterrorism raid captured her this past Friday.

Army spokesman General Asif Ghafoor at a news conference Monday identified the suspect as Naureen Leghari, saying she is still under investigation.

The young woman, officials say, has told investigators she was contacted and radicalized by IS operatives through social media.

General Ghafoor also dismissed reported claims that Naureen had traveled to Syria and received training at IS-run terror camps there. He said the evidence collected so far has established she never went to Syria.

The spokesman released a video confessional statement in which Naureen says she was studying in a medical college in the southern city of Hyderabad and only recently moved to Lahore with two other accomplices to execute the terrorist plot.