美国阿富汗政策等待白宫的决定

自从在阿富汗的美国以及国际部队高层指挥官表示，他需要几千美军增援，打破这个饱受战争蹂躏的国家的“僵局”后已经过去三个月了，但是川普政府还没有宣布其政策计划。

白宫发言人斯派塞本周表示尚未作出决定，并敦促记者不要走在政策制定过程的“前面”。

军方官员告诉美国之音，政策计划可能包括向阿富汗增派几千名国际部队。

美军参谋长联席会议主席邓福德星期二在以色列说，美国向阿富汗战斗增派的部队人数取决于北约将增派多少部队，以扩大打击恐怖主义的战斗。

有关官员告诉美国之音，川普总统尚未听取阿富汗国防计划的情况介绍，但是，专家说，有关计划估计将在本月晚些时候讨论。

美国官员说，政策将不着重于所需的国际部队人数，而是更多放在为增加阿富汗的空中力量和特种部队提供资源。自从伊斯兰国战斗人员进入阿富汗以来，反恐使命更为重要了。

加上阿富汗打击塔利班的长期战斗，很多专家认为，同奥巴马政府不同，川普的政策不会设定时间表和军队的限制。

US Afghan Policy Awaits a White House Decision

It has been three months since the top commander of U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan said he needed a few thousand more troops to break a "stalemate" in the war-torn country, and the Trump administration has yet to announce its policy plans.

White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said this week that no decision has been made, and he urged reporters not to "get ahead" of the policymaking process.

Military officials told VOA that policy plans could include sending a few thousand more international troops to Afghanistan.

The number of troops that the United States will add to the fight in Afghanistan will depend on how many additional forces NATO supplies to expand the battle against terrorists there, Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in Israel on Tuesday.

Officials told VOA that President Donald Trump has not yet been briefed on an Afghanistan defense plan, but experts said plans are expected to be discussed later this month.

U.S. officials said the administration's developing policy would focus less on international troop numbers needed and more on providing resources for increased Afghan air power and special forces. The importance of the counterterror mission has increased since Islamic State fighters moved into the country.

That, coupled with supporting a long-term Afghan fight against the Taliban, leads many experts to believe that unlike the Obama administration, Trump's policy will not set timelines and troop boundaries.

美国曾通知法国 法大选期间出现俄罗斯网络入侵

美国一位国家安全官员星期四对国会说，在法国网络入侵事件公开之前，美国曾通知法国官员，俄罗斯在法国总统选举期间入侵了法国的电脑网络。

美国国家安全局局长迈克尔·罗杰斯海军上将在参议院情报委员会上作证说：“我们知道，在法国选举过程中，特别是最后几周，俄罗斯针对法国选举从事了一些具体的活动。”他说： “我们认为，情况足够重要，因此我们主动和法国同行联系并通知了他们。”

法国选举委员会周六表示，在中间派候选人马克龙的总统竞选团队遭到网络袭击后，“大量数据”，其中一些可能是假的，被泄露到社交网络上。

泄露发生在法国周日决选的36小时之前。马克龙在决选中战胜了极右派候选人勒庞。法国选举官员说，被泄露的信息明显来自马克龙和他一些竞选经理的电脑系统及电邮账号。

US Alerted France of Russian Cyber Attacks during Presidential Election

The U.S. informed French officials that Russia had hacked France's computer networks during the country's presidential election before the cyber attacks became public, a U.S. national security official told Congress Thursday.

"We are aware of specific Russian activity directed against the French election cycle, in the course, particularly in the last few weeks," National Security Agency Director Admiral Mike Rogers testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee. "We think it was important enough that we actually reached out to our French counterparts to inform them," Rogers added.

France's election campaign commission said Saturday "a significant amount of data," some of it likely fake, was leaked on social networks after a cyber attack on the presidential campaign of centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron.
The leak came 36 hours before France's runoff election Sunday in which Macron beat far right candidate Marine Le Pen. French election officials said the leaked data apparently came from the computer systems and email accounts of Macron and some of his campaign managers.