津巴布韦各地示威游行 要求穆加贝下台

成千上万群情激昂的示威者周六走上津巴布韦首都哈拉雷的街头，要求总统穆加贝辞职。他们手持的标语写着：“穆加贝必须下台！”以及“不是政变，而是真棒”。

过去在哈拉雷制止此类示威游行的军队如今却在支持抗议活动，引导示威者前往“津巴布韦场”，一些活动人士、政界人士以及前自由战士将在那里发表演讲，要求穆加贝辞职。

“津巴布韦场”是个具有象征意义的地方。1980年，在为摆脱白人少数群体统治而进行的解放战争之后，津巴布韦人民就是在这个地方欢迎流亡在外的穆加贝归来。

在津巴布韦其它城市进行的示威活动也要求结束穆加贝的统治。

在掌权37年后，现年93岁的穆加贝据报在抗拒军方、他自己所在的政党“非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线（ZANU-PF）”的成员以及政治活动人士提出的要他辞职的要求。

津巴布韦国防军周三控制了关键的国家机关，将穆加贝软禁在家中，并且对那些他们称之为总统周围的盗贼的人进行压制，包括乔纳森•梅约教授、内政部长伊格内修斯•琼博、地方政府部长萨维尔•卡苏库维尔以及非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线青年联盟秘书长库扎纳伊•奇庞加等人。

这些人被关押在军营里，据说他们是执政党内一个试图支持第一夫人格蕾丝•穆加贝成为副总统的派别的成员。总统穆加贝11月5日将其长期盟友、前副总统姆南加古瓦免职。

自军方接管国家机关并且开始旨在让穆加贝辞职的对话后，穆加贝于周五首次公开露面。

穆加贝当时身着蓝色和黄色的学术礼袍，主持哈拉雷一所大学1000多名学生的毕业典礼。穆加贝在仪式上几次打瞌睡，对当前充满不确定性的政局闭口不谈。

Zimbabweans Rally and Urge Mugabe to Step Down

Thousands of exuberant demonstrators are walking through Harare's streets Saturday demanding that President Robert Mugabe step down from office. Signs they are carrying say "Mugabe must go!" and "Not coup but cool."

The military that has stopped such demonstrations in the capital in the past is now supporting the protests, directing demonstrators to the Zimbabwe Grounds where speeches will be made by a number of activists, politicians, and former freedom fighters calling for the president to resign.

The Zimbabwe Grounds is a symbolic location. It is where Zimbabweans welcomed Mugabe back from exile in 1980 after the liberation war from white minority rule.

Demonstrations are being held in other cities around the country also calling for an end to Mugabe's rule.

Mugabe, 93, is reported to be resisting demands from the army, members of his own ZANU-PF party, and political activists to step down after 37 years in power.

The Zimbabwe Defense Forces seized key state institutions Wednesday, confined Mugabe to house arrest and clamped down on those they termed thieves surrounding the president, including Professor Jonathan Moyo, Home Affairs Minister Ignatius Chombo, Local Government Minister Saviour Kasukuwere, ZANU-PF Youth League secretary Kudzanayi Chipanga and several others.

The detainees, who are in army barracks, are said to be members of a faction of the ruling party that were seeking to elevate first lady Grace Mugabe to the post of vice president. President Mugabe fired his longtime ally, Emmerson Mnangagwa, from the position on November 5th.

Mugabe made a public appearance Friday, his first since the military took over state institutions and opened talks aimed at getting the aged leader to resign.

Mugabe, wearing a blue and yellow academic gown, presided over a university graduation ceremony for more than 1,000 students in Harare. The president appeared to fall asleep at times and said nothing about the ongoing political uncertainty.

委内瑞拉反对派领袖抵达西班牙

长期以来担任委内瑞拉反对派领袖的莱德斯马抵达马德里，受到他家人的迎接。

莱德斯马说：“委内瑞拉现在不是位于悬崖边缘，而是已经陷入深渊。它正在崩溃。这就是我要和拉霍伊首相所谈的。”

莱德斯马自从被指2015年阴谋政变以来一直被软禁。他说，他星期五逃离软禁，经过几十个警察和军队哨卡，最后抵达哥伦比亚。

莱德斯马离开哥伦比亚之前说，他计划走遍全球，为委内瑞拉的政治自由奋斗。曾经担任加拉加斯市长的莱德斯马说，他和哥伦比亚总统桑托斯通过电话，桑托斯对他予以支持。

哥伦比亚移民当局发表声明说，莱德斯马经由两国间的西蒙·玻利瓦尔桥合法进入哥伦比亚。

委内瑞拉总统马杜罗承认莱德斯马已经逃走，嘲笑他是“吸血鬼”。

62岁的莱德斯马领导了2014年反对马杜罗的街头抗议。委内瑞拉在那之后出现了数月的暴力。莱德斯马被监禁了几个月，2015年由于健康原因被释放出狱，但一直被软禁。

Venezuelan Opposition Figure Arrives in Spain

Longtime Venezuelan opposition leader Antonio Ledezma arrived in Madrid, Saturday, where he was greeted by his family.

"Venezuela is not on the edge looking into the abyss. It is in the abyss," Ledezma said. "It's collapsing. And that's what I want to talk about with the (Spanish) Prime Minister Rajoy."

Ledezma, who had been under house arrest since 2015 for alleged coup plotting, said he escaped house arrest Friday and went to neighboring Colombia, passing dozens of police and army positions.

Before leaving Colombia, Ledezma said he was planning a “global pilgrimage” to fight for political freedom in Venezuela. Ledezma, the former mayor of Caracas, said he had spoken by phone with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, who offered his support.

Colombian immigration authorities said in a statement that Ledezma entered the country legally after crossing the Simon Bolivar bridge that separates the two countries.

Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro acknowledged the escape of Ledezma, who he mockingly calls “the vampire.”

The 62-year-old Ledezma had spearheaded street protests against Maduro in 2014 that led to months of violence. He spent a few months in jail, before being released and placed under house arrest in 2015 due to health issues.