奥巴马推文刷新最多点赞记录

美国维吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔市上周末发生致命的暴力冲突后，美国前总统奥巴马星期六在推特上发的一张照片如今已成为推特有史以来点赞最多的一条推文。

照片上的奥巴马一只手扶在窗台上，西装上衣随意地搭在肩头，仰头看向开着的窗户里不同种族的小孩子。

奥巴马在照片下引述前南非总统曼德拉的话写道：“没有人生来就因为肤色、背景或是宗教信仰而憎恨别人。

奥巴马发推前，白人民族主义者聚集在夏洛茨维尔市，抗议夏洛茨维尔市政府移除美国南北战争期间南方邦联军队主将罗伯特·E·李将军塑像的计划。反对抗议者的人也聚集在那里，声讨这些团体，一名男子开车冲进人群，造成一名女性丧生。

截止到星期三凌晨，奥巴马的这则推文已被点赞约280万次，超过了今年早些时候美国流行歌手爱莉安娜·格兰德在伦敦开演唱会受到恐怖分子袭击后格兰德发出的一则推文。

奥巴马的继任者，美国总统川普目前因其对夏洛茨维尔事件所做出的反应而受到批评。

Obama Tweet Now Twitter's Most Liked

Former U.S. President Barack Obama tweeted a photo Saturday after deadly violence broke out in the city of Charlottesville, Virginia. It is now the most liked tweet ever on the social media platform.

The photo shows Obama with his hand on a windowsill and his suit jacket slung over one shoulder, looking up at a group of babies of different races looking out at him from an open window.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." Obama wrote along with the picture, quoting former South African President Nelson Mandela.

His tweet came after a day in which white nationalists gathered in Charlottesville to protest the city's decision to remove the statue of a general who led rebel forces in the 1861-65 U.S. Civil War. Counter-protesters also gathered to denounce the groups, and a man plowed a car into that crowd, killing a woman.

As of early Wednesday, Obama's tweet had been liked about 2.8 million times, surpassing a tweet that American pop singer Ariana Grande sent after a terrorist attack at one of her concerts in Britain earlier this year.

Obama's successor, President Donald Trump, has faced criticism for his response to the events in Charlottesville.

白宫制造业顾问理事会更多高管辞职

美国总统川普说，退出制造业顾问理事会的公司高管是因为在海外生产产品而感到难堪。

川普在纽约川普大厦的大厅告诉记者说，这些高管并不真心实意让生产在美国国内进行。

川普说，他一直在告诫他们，需要让制造业重返美国。

默克制药的首席执行官肯尼思·弗雷泽、安德玛体育用品公司的首席执行官凯文·普兰克和科技巨头英特尔公司的首席执行官布莱恩·科再奇星期一都退出了川普的美国制造业理事会。美国制造业联盟的另一位企业领袖思科特·鲍尔、美国劳联产联主席理查德·乔姆卡和劳联产联办公室副主任西娅·李星期二也加入了他们的行列。

这些人退出显然是为了抗议川普对维吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔市上周末发生的白人至上主义者集会最初发表的评论，认为川普对种族主义的谴责过于软弱。

川普在他的推特账号上尖锐反击，贬低这四位企业家的退出。

他说：“对于所有那些退出制造业理事会的首席执行官们，我有许多人来代替他们。哗众取宠的人走不了太远。工作机会！”

劳联产联的乔姆卡和西娅·李宣布辞职时表示，他们不能成为“容忍偏见和国内恐怖主义”的总统的顾问理事会的一份子，而且这个顾问理事会从来都不是帮助劳工的有效途径。

他们在联合声明中说：“从空洞的委员会，到恶劣的政策以及对偏见的欣然接受，本届政府的行动一再让劳动者失望。”

夏洛茨维尔市事件发生后，川普最初只谴责了发生在白人民族主义者和反抗议群体间的暴力，但没有点名批评新纳粹党、三K党及其他仇恨团体。川普说，冲突是“多方”引起的。

川普两天后发表更具体的评论时，才点名批评了新纳粹党，三K党和白人至上主义者。但是很多批评人士说，川普谴责种族主义的言论来得太迟。川普星期二再次谈及此事时重申“双方都有过错”，从而再次引起愤怒。

Trump Criticizes Business Leaders as More Leave His Manufacturing Council

President Donald Trump says the corporate chief executives who quit his advisory manufacturing council are "leaving out of embarrassment" for manufacturing products outside the U.S.

Trump told reporters New York that the CEOs are not taking their jobs seriously when it comes to domestic production.

He said he has been lecturing them on what he says is the need to bring manufacturing back to the United States.

Kenneth Frazier, the chief executive of Merck Pharmaceuticals, CEO Kevin Plank of the Under Armour sporting goods company, and Brian Krzanich, who heads the technology giant Intel, all quit Trump's American Manufacturing Council on Monday. They were joined Tuesday by Scott Paul of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, as well as AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka and the group's Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee.

They apparently left the council to protest Trump's response to Saturday's deadly racial violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, believing the president's early condemnation of racism to be weak.

Trump belittled the departures with a pointed retort on his Twitter account.

"For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!" he said.

Trumka and Lee said in announcing their resignations that they cannot be a part of a council for a president who "tolerates bigotry and domestic terrorism" and that the group was never an effective way to help workers.

"From hollow councils to bad policy and embracing bigotry, the actions of this administration have consistently failed working people," they said in a joint statement.

Trump's initial remarks about the Charlottesville protest condemned the violence between white nationalists and counter-protesters, but did not single out neo-Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan and other hate groups by name. Instead, Trump said the unrest was caused by "many sides."

He used the words neo-Nazis, KKK, and white supremacists when he made more explicit remarks two days later. But many critics said those words denouncing racism came too late, and he drew more ire Tuesday when he again addressed the issue and reasserted "there is blame on both sides."