川普政府恢复接纳难民 但是审查更严格

美国总统川普签署政令，恢复接纳难民进入美国，但是针对11个被认定对美国国家安全构成高风险的国家采取更严格的审查程序。

上一个有关暂停接纳难民120天的政令星期二到期之际，颁布了新的政令。所有希望进入美国的难民都将面临更多、更严格的甄别程序，包括提供比以前要求的更多的个人信息。

来自11个被认定高风险国家的难民提交的申请将增加90天的审查期，能否进入美国将根据个案审理的结果，必须认定接纳他们符合美国国家利益，他们对美国公民不构成威胁。

美国官员拒绝指明这11个国家，但是路透社和法新社说，他们是那些其国民进入美国已经必须经过更严格审查的国家 – 埃及、伊朗、伊拉克、利比亚、马里、朝鲜、索马里、南苏丹、苏丹、叙利亚和也门。

Trump Administration Resumes Refugee Admissions into U.S. -- but with Greater Restrictions

U.S. President Donald Trump has signed an executive order resuming the admission of refugees into the country, but imposed tougher scrutiny on nationals from 11 countries identified as posing a high risk to national security.

The new order was issued Tuesday as an earlier order that imposed a 120-day ban on refugee admissions expired. All refugees hoping to enter the United States will face additional, enhanced vetting measures, such as providing additional personal information than previously required.

Nationals from the 11 countries identified as high risk will face an extra 90-day review on their application, and will be admitted into the United States on a case-by-case basis if their entry is deemed in the national interest, and they pose no threat to Americans.

Officials refused to name the 11 countries, but both Reuters and the French news agency have identified them as the same countries whose nationals are already required to undergo higher-level screening -- Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Mali, North Korea, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.

蒂勒森星期三访问印度

美国国务卿蒂勒森星期三在新德里与印度总理莫迪和其他印度官员会谈，印度和巴基斯坦之间的紧张关系预计是讨论的内容之一。

蒂勒森星期二在巴基斯坦敦促该国领导人加大打击激进分子和恐怖主义的力度。

蒂勒森率领的美国代表团和巴基斯坦总理阿巴西、武装部队领导人巴杰瓦将军、情报部门负责人以及其他高级官员举行了会谈。

美国大使馆的声明说，他们讨论的议题包括继续双边合作以及发展伙伴关系，扩大两国之间的经济联系。

声明说，“蒂勒森国务卿强调了川普总统的信息，即巴基斯坦必须加大努力，清除在其境内活动的激进分子和恐怖分子。”

声明还说，为了解决这些问题，蒂勒森国务卿向巴基斯坦概述了美国的新南亚政策，以及巴基斯坦对推动阿富汗和平进程可以发挥的作用，给整个区域带来稳定与安全。

美国大使馆的声明援引蒂勒森国务卿对巴基斯坦官员的讲话说：“巴基斯坦和美国在建设一个稳定、和平的阿富汗，在南亚打败伊斯兰国组织，以及肃清威胁巴基斯坦和美国的恐怖组织等方面有共同的利益。”

Tillerson Visits India on Wednesday

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is holding talks Wednesday with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders in New Delhi, where tensions between India and Pakistan are expected to be part of the discussions.

Tillerson was in Pakistan on Tuesday to urge leaders there to step up their efforts to counter militancy and terrorism.

The top U.S. diplomat led his delegation into meetings with Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, the country’s military chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa, and the head of the spy agency and other top officials.

They discussed continued bilateral cooperation and partnership, and expanding economic ties between Pakistan and the United States, said a U.S. embassy statement.

"The Secretary reiterated President Donald Trump’s message that Pakistan must increase its efforts to eradicate militants and terrorists operating within the country," the statement said.

To address those concerns, it added, Secretary Tillerson outlined Washington’s new South Asia strategy and the vital role Pakistan can play to facilitate a peace process in Afghanistan that can bring stability and security to the region.

"Pakistan and the United States share common interests in establishing a stable, peaceful Afghanistan, defeating ISIS in South Asia, and eliminating terrorist groups that threaten both Pakistan and the United States," the statement quoted Tillerson as telling Pakistani officials.