川普承认俄罗斯干预美国大选

美国当选总统川普星期三承认，俄罗斯干预了美国11月的大选，但是他说，如果俄罗斯总统喜欢他，他认为这是“一大资产，不是负债。”

川普在他近六个月以来在纽约举行的首次记者会上说，即使普京真的支持他，而不是希拉里·克林顿，他在国际舞台上和普京打交道的时候也会比希拉里·克林顿更强硬。

川普还否认他在俄罗斯有任何金融利益。

当记者问到美国情报部门相信是普京下令对美国选举进行黑客袭击时，川普回答说：“他不应该这么做。”

尽管承认俄罗斯进行黑客袭击，但川普否认了星期二的新闻报道。报道说，俄罗斯掌握着大量可能有损他声望的个人资料，而且他的选举官员还曾与俄罗斯情报机构进行了合作。

站在10面美国国旗前，面对着250名记者，川普星期三还宣布，为避免利益冲突他将脱离他庞大的商业帝国。

Trump Concedes Russian Meddling in Election

U.S.-President-elect Donald Trump acknowledged Wednesday that Russia meddled in the November election, but said that if Russian President Vladimir Putin likes him, he considers that "an asset, not a liability."

In his first news conference in nearly six months, Trump said in New York that even if Putin supported his candidacy over that of Democrat Hillary Clinton he will be tougher in dealing with the Russian leader on the world stage than she would have been.

He denied having any financial interest in Russia.

Asked about election-related computer hacking which U.S. intelligence officials believe to have been authorized by Putin, Trump said, "He shouldn't have done it."

While acknowledging Russia's role in that hacking, the president-elect denounced news reports published Tuesday about a dossier containing allegations that Russia compiled tawdry personal information to compromise him, and that his campaign officials colluded with Russian intelligence.

Standing in front of 10 U.S. flags and facing 250 journalists, Trump also released plans to separate himself from his sprawling business empire so as to avoid a conflict of interest once in office.

有关官员敦促川普把朝鲜人权作为首要议题

美国政府一位高级官员说，即将上任的川普政府应该把人权作为对朝鲜政策的重要议题。

美国国务院负责民主、人权和劳工事务的助理国务卿马林诺夫斯基星期三告诉美国之音说，他期待川普政府下，朝鲜人权问题能得到两党支持。

他说：“我认为要长久地解决朝鲜造成的、给我们带来很多困扰的安全问题， 前提是朝鲜人民要有权力来决定他们国家的未来。”

美国刚刚宣布了对违反人权的朝鲜官员和政府机构进行制裁。 马林诺夫斯基说，华盛顿是在向践踏人权者发出明确信息，践踏人权“要付出代价”。

美国政府星期三宣布，对七名朝鲜官员实施制裁，包括朝鲜领导人金正恩的妹妹。

Trump Urged to Make North Korean Human Rights a Priority

The incoming U.S. government should make North Korean human rights a key part of its policy towards the communist country, a senior U.S. official says.

U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights and Labor Tom Malinowski told VOA on Wednesday he expects bipartisan support for the North Korean human rights issue during the Donald Trump administration.

“My advice is that any long-term solution to the security issues that have troubled us, coming from North Korea for many, many years, is not likely to come until the North Korean people have the power to shape the future of their country,” Malinowski said.

Speaking shortly after the announcement of new sanctions on North Korean officials and government entities for human rights violations, the official said Washington is trying to send a clear message to those engaging in human rights abuses that “there's a price to be paid.”

On Wednesday, the U.S. sanctioned seven North Korean individuals, including Kim Yo Jong, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s younger sister.