中国邀请外国专家参与刘晓波治疗

沈阳的中国医科大学第一附属医院邀请美国和德国专家，参与诺贝尔和平奖获得者刘晓波的肝癌治疗。

沈阳市司法局星期三表示，中国医科大学第一附属医院应刘晓波家属请求，在咨询刘晓波的医疗小组后，已经发出邀请函。刘晓波被诊断肝癌晚期后，5月份获准保外就医。

中国方面做出这一决定前的两天，德国敦促中国，允许刘晓波出国治疗。中国政府称，刘晓波病情严重，不宜出国。但是刘晓波的友人，同样也是中国异议人士的胡佳说，上周末YouTube上出现的视频显示，刘晓波的病情看似稳定。

外国政府和人权团体都敦促中国，在刘晓波选择的情况下，允许他出国治疗。

中国异议作家，人权活动家刘晓波现年61岁，因参与起草零八宪章和呼吁政治改革而被中国当局以“煽动颠覆国家政权罪”判处有期徒刑11年，后于2010年被授予诺贝尔和平奖。

有关当局长期使刘晓波和他的妻子刘霞与外界隔绝，大多数友人和媒体都接触不到他们，因此有关刘晓波现状和他希望出国治疗的独立可靠的消息一直很难得到。

China Invites Foreign Doctors to Help Treat Cancer-Stricken Nobel Peace Laureate

A Chinese hospital is inviting cancer specialists from the United States and Germany to help in its treatment of imprisoned dissident and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo.

The judicial bureau for the northeastern city of Shenyang, where Liu is being treated, said Wednesday the hospital issued the invitation after Liu's family made the request, and after consulting with the 61-year-old's medical team. Liu was granted medical parole back in May after he was diagnosed with late-stage kidney cancer.

The decision comes just two days after Germany urged China to allow Liu to travel abroad to receive treatment for his illness. Beijing claims the ailing dissident is too sick to leave the country, but Hu Jia, Liu's friend and fellow dissident, says a video that emerged on YouTube last weekend appeared to indicate that Liu was in stable condition.

Foreign governments and human rights groups have urged China to allow Liu to travel abroad to seek treatment wherever he chooses.

Liu is a poet and human rights activist who was arrested after writing Charter ’08, a manifesto calling for democratic reforms in China, and awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010 for his campaign for democracy and human rights. He was sentenced to 11 years in prison for “inciting subversion of state power," a law often used by Chinese authorities to silence dissidents.

Reliable, independent information on Liu's condition and his desire to travel has been difficult to obtain, as Liu and his wife, Liu Xia, have long been isolated by the authorities, out of the reach of most friends and the media.

川普将在波兰发表重要讲话

美国总统川普星期三将启程前往波兰。川普在华沙会见东欧领导人后，将发表上任后在欧洲的首次重要公开讲话。

白宫说，川普将重申对北约共同防御原则的承诺，但同时也会再次提出，其它成员国要更多地分担北约的财政负担。

目前，波兰驻扎了三千多美军，作为北约部署的一部分，对抗俄罗斯对乌克兰的进犯。

华沙大学教授，政治分析家卢维基说，“我想，大多数波兰人想听的是，美国会继续在波兰驻军，会遵守北大西洋公约的第五条款，在需要的时候帮助我们。”

川普总统将在华沙的克拉辛斯基广场发表讲话。对很多波兰人来说，克拉辛斯基广场具有重要的象征意义，是他们抵抗集权统治的标志。川普的讲台就设在纪念1944年华沙起义的铜质纪念碑下。这座纪念碑是为了纪念几十万反抗纳粹占领军的波兰士兵和平民。波兰起义历时两个月，最后以失败告终。

支持者说，川普在气候变化和移民等很多国际问题上的看法都与波兰现任政府很多重要人物相同。但也有人担心，川普的来访会加剧东西欧之间的裂隙。

反对者计划举行反川普抗议活动，但抗议活动估计会被限制在离克拉辛斯基广场较远的地方。

Poland Set to Host Trump’s First Major Public Speech in Europe

U.S. President Donald Trump, who departs for Poland Wednesday, is due to meet Eastern European leaders in Warsaw before speaking in the center of the Polish capital, in what will be his first major public address in Europe.

The White House says the president will reiterate his commitment to NATO’s principle of common defense, but also restate his demand that other members contribute more to the alliance's financial burden.

Over 3,000 U.S. troops are stationed in Poland as part of a NATO deployment aimed at countering Russian aggression in Ukraine.

The University of Warsaw's Professor Zbigniew Lewicki, a political analyst, said: “I think most people want to hear that the United States would keep its military presence in Poland, would observe Article 5 of the (NATO) Washington Treaty - meaning coming to our assistance if need be.”

Trump will deliver his speech in the capital’s Krasinski Square, which has deep symbolism for many Poles, commemorating their resistance to totalitarian rule. His podium will stand beneath an imposing bronze monument to the 1944 Warsaw Uprising, honoring hundreds of thousands of Polish soldiers and civilians who died during an ultimately unsuccessful two-month insurgency against the city’s Nazi occupiers.

Supporters say Trump's views on many global issues, such as climate change and migration, are shared with many leading figures in Poland's current government. However, some fear the U.S. president's visit could deepen the growing rift between Eastern and Western Europe.

Opposition groups are set to demonstrate their opposition to Trump. Any demonstrators are likely to be kept far away from Krasinski Square.