川普尊重“一个中国”政策

美国总统川普与中国国家主席习近平在电话谈话中表示，美国承认中国对自治的台湾拥有主权的立场，尊重“一个中国”政策。

白宫说，两国领导人星期四晚上的电话“非常亲切”，两位领导人都“邀请”对方来自己的国家会面。

川普曾因去年十一月当选后与台湾总统蔡英文进行电话交谈而受到批评。

自1979年华盛顿与台湾正式断交以来，美国总统或获选总统都没有与台湾领导人接触，转而与更大、发展迅速的中国交往。但自那以后，美国一直是台湾的坚定非正式支持者。

在1979年的“中美联合公报”中，美国承认北京是中国的唯一合法政府，承认中国的立场，就是只有一个中国，台湾是中国的一部分。

中国国家媒体说，川普的“经验不足”导致他接受台湾总统的电话，但警告说，违反一个中国政策将“破坏”华盛顿和北京之间的关系。

川普似乎对他与蔡英文的电话交谈导致的反应感到困惑。他在推特上发文说，“有趣的是，美国可以卖给台湾数十亿美元的军事装备，但我却不应该接受一个贺电。”

美国前总统奥巴马一年前批准向台湾出售18.3亿美元的防御性武器，包括两艘护卫舰、两栖攻击车以及防空和反舰系统。

Trump to Honor 'One China' Policy

U.S. President Donald Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping in a telephone conversation that the U.S. intends to honor the "One China" policy by acknowledging China's position it has sovereignty over self-ruled Taiwan.

The White House said the phone call between the two world leaders Thursday evening was "extremely cordial" and both presidents "extended invitations" to meet in their respective countries.

Trump was criticized for a phone conversation he had with Taiwan's president after Trump won the presidential election in November.

No U.S. president or president-elect has had such contact with a Taiwanese leader since Washington broke formal ties with Taiwan in 1979 and switched to the larger, fast-growing China. But Washington has remained a staunch informal supporter of Taiwan since then.

In the 1979 U.S.-China Joint Communique, the U.S. recognized Beijing as the sole legal government of China, acknowledging the Chinese position that there is but one China and Taiwan is part of China.

Chinese state media said Trump's "inexperience" led him to accept the call from the Taiwanese president, but warned that breaching the one-China policy would "destroy" relations between Washington and Beijing.

Trump seemed bemused by the reaction to the call, saying on his Twitter account, "Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call."

Over China's objections, then president Barack Obama a year ago authorized a $1.83 billion sale of defensive weapons to Taiwan, including two frigates, amphibious assault vehicles, and anti-aircraft and anti-ship systems.

上诉庭拒绝恢复川普总统的旅行限令

美国一个联邦上诉法院星期四决定不恢复川普总统禁止来自七个以穆斯林为主国家的旅行者入境的命令。

旧金山第九联邦巡回上诉法院的三人法官小组一致作出裁决，拒绝推翻下级法院做出的暂停执行限令的裁决，并允许之前被禁止入境的人进入美国。

上诉法庭宣布了决定后不久，川普总统即在推特上发文说：“法庭见，我们国家的安全受到威胁。”之后他在白宫向记者抱怨，法庭作出了一个“政治性的决定”，并表示他的政府最终将“轻而易举”赢得这个案子。

在西雅图的新闻发布会上，华盛顿州检察长鲍勃·弗格森反对恢复川普总统的旅行限令，他说：“我们是一个法制国家，这些法律适用于我们国家的所有人，包括美国总统。在我看来，这关系到宪法的未来。“

当被问及如何对川普的推文作出回应时，弗格森指出，现在反对者们在法庭上对川普政府旅行限令的挑战两战两胜。弗格森说，总统的禁令会对民众带来实际后果，他否认他诉讼此案是自己身为民主党人对抗共和党籍的总统。

联邦政府现在可能向最高法院提出上诉。

川普的旅行限令将在90天后过期，这意味着在有可能最高法院听审这一案件之前限令有效期已过。川普政府也可以改变这一限令，包括改变其适用范围或持续时间。

川普总统说，旅游限令对国家安全至关重要。但批评者说，限令歧视穆斯林，他们也质疑旅行限令作为一种安全措施是否有效。

Appeals Court Panel Refuses to Reinstate Trump Travel Ban

A federal appeals court Thursday refused to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations.

The three-judge panel from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco unanimously declined to block a lower court ruling that suspended the ban and allowed previously barred travelers to enter the United States.

“See you in court, the security of our nation is at stake,” the president tweeted shortly after the court announced its decision. A short time later, he complained to reporters at the White house that the court made a "political decision," and said his administration eventually will win the case "very easily."

At a news conference in Seattle, Bob Ferguson, the attorney general for the state of Washington, which argued against restoring the Trump travel ban, said, “We are a nation of laws, and ... those laws apply to everybody in our country, and that includes the president of the United States. In my view, the future of the Constitution is at stake.”

When asked to respond to the Trump tweet, he noted that opponents are now two-for-two in challenging the Trump administration’s ban in the courts. Ferguson said the president's ban had real human consequences, and he denied he is pursuing the case as a Democrat versus a Republican president.

The federal government is now expected to appeal to the Supreme Court.

Trump’s ban was set to expire in 90 days, meaning it could run its course before the high court can take up the issue. The administration also could change the order, including altering its scope or duration.

The president said the order was vital for national security. But critics said the ban discriminated against Muslims, and they questioned its value as a security measure.