中国要在朝鲜和美国间做出艰难抉择

尽管中国外长王毅上个月形容美国和朝鲜是两列不断加速，做好了迎头相撞准备的列车，但是截至星期三，没有迹象表明美国针对平壤的军事打击迫在眉睫。

不过，川普总统坚称，他不再遵循其前任制定的针对朝鲜的“战略忍耐”政策，这表明川普政府愿意考虑采取军事行动，阻止朝鲜开发出携带核弹头、能够打击美国本土的洲际弹道导弹。

面对美国和朝鲜的对峙局面，目前仍不清楚中国是否会以武力回应美国对与世隔绝的朝鲜政权采取军事行动。

设在夏威夷的美国智库战略与国际研究中心太平洋论坛主席拉尔夫·科萨表示，他对中国会采取行动表示怀疑。他说：“鉴于朝鲜在过去几年里羞辱并损害中国的国家利益，中国不会为一个非常忘恩负义的朋友两肋插刀。”

其他一些分析人士表示，只要美国打击朝鲜符合中国利益，北京将接受美国的行动。

China Faces Tough Choice Between North Korea and US

Although Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi last month described the U.S. and North Korea as two accelerating trains that are set for a "head-on collision," as of Wednesday, there are no indications that a U.S. military strike against Pyongyang is imminent.

President Donald Trump, however, has insisted he will no longer adhere to his predecessor's policy of "strategic patience" toward North Korea. This suggests the administration is willing to consider the possibility of military action to prevent the North from developing a nuclear tipped intercontinental ballistic missile that could reach the U.S. mainland.

Amid this U.S. and North Korea standoff, it remains unclear whether China would respond with force to U.S. military action against the reclusive regime.

Ralph Cossa, president of the Pacific Forum CSIS organization in Honolulu, said he doubts China would take action: "The Chinese aren't going to war over a very ungrateful friend," given that the North Koreans have "insulted and undermined Chinese national interests over the last couple of years."
But some analysts say as long as any U.S. attack against North Korea aligns with China's interests, Beijing will accept the U.S. action.

大马士革机场附近发生爆炸

叙利亚首都大马士革国际机场附近星期四早晨发生剧烈爆炸，引发大火，爆炸起因目前还不清楚。

设在英国、追踪叙利亚内战的叙利亚人权了望台组织表示，爆炸不是在机场发生的，但是25公里以外的大马士革市区可以听到爆炸声。

黎巴嫩亲真主党的马纳尔电视台报道说，爆炸是以色列战机空袭所致。路透社援引以色列军方一名女发言人的话说，“我们不能对这样的报导进行评论。“

在2011年3月开始的叙利亚内战整个过程中，以色列一直清晰表明，不允许从伊朗运送武器给在叙利亚作战的真主党武装。以色列军队已经多次使用空袭或者其它攻击手段阻止这种行动，只是以色列军方通常不愿证实这类空袭行动。真主党和以色列在2006年的黎巴嫩战争中曾经交手。

自从2013年以来，真主党武装公开帮助阿萨德总统在叙利亚作战。

Explosion Near Damascus Airport

A massive explosion in Syria early Thursday hit near the Damascus International Airport, resulting in a fire and questions about its cause.

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the conflict in Syria, said the blast did not happen at the airport itself, but could be heard within the city of Damascus 25 kilometers away.

Lebanon's pro-Hezbollah al-Manar television said the explosion was the result of airstrikes by Israeli warplanes. Reuters quoted an Israeli military spokeswoman saying, "We can't comment on such reports."

Throughout the Syrian war, which began in March 2011, Israel has made it clear it would not allow shipments of weapons from Iran to Hezbollah units fighting in Syria. Israeli forces have on multiple occasions used airstrikes or other attacks to stop such moves, with the military often declining to confirm it was responsible for the strikes. Hezbollah and Israel fought each other in the 2006 Lebanon War.

Hezbollah fighters have openly fought in Syria on behalf of President Bashar al-Assad since 2013.