哥伦比亚沉船事故至少六人死亡

哥伦比亚官员表示，一艘载有约170名乘客的四层渡船星期天在麦德林附近一个知名旅游景点的水库发生翻船事故，造成至少六人死亡，31人失踪。

安蒂奥基亚省救灾部门负责人在事发地点对记者表示，有99人被救起，还有40人自行游泳逃生。

事发后，周边游船和摩托艇赶赴出事位置将落水人员救起。

由空军飞行员和消防队员组成的救援队伍在渡船沉没所在水库寻找幸存者。

哥伦比亚总统桑托斯前往事故地点视察时说，事故船只似乎没有超载。

翻船原因目前不详。一些幸存者表示，船沉之前他们听到一声巨响。

星期一是哥伦比亚的假日，因此水库和附近城镇的人比平常要多。

At Least Six People Dead After Boat Sinks in Colombia

Colombian officials say at least six people are dead and 31 missing after a four-story ferryboat with about 170 passengers capsized on the Penol-Guatape reservoir, a popular tourist destination near city of Medellin, Sunday.

Speaking to reporters at the reservoir, the head of disaster relief for Antioquia province, Margarita Moncada, said that 99 people were rescued and 40 others managed to swim to safety by themselves.

Recreational boats and jet skis rushed to the scene, pulling people from the boat as it was sinking.

Rescue teams, including air force pilots and firefighters were searching for survivors at the reservoir, where the Almirante ferry sank.

Visiting the scene of the accident, President Juan Manuel Santos said the boat did not appear to be overloaded.

The cause of the accident is unclear. Some survivors said they heard a loud noise just before the boat began to sink.

Monday is a holiday in Colombia so the reservoir and nearby town were more crowded that usual.

美数个地方政府网站遭支持伊斯兰国黑客攻击

美国一些州政府和地方政府的网站星期天遭到黑客攻击，网站被黑后显示出支持伊斯兰国的信息。

黑客的留言说，“川普你要为此负责，你和你的人民要为穆斯林国家流下的每一滴鲜血负责。”留言结尾说，“我热爱伊斯兰国。”

受影响最大的是俄亥俄州，州长卡西奇(John Kasich)和州长夫人凯伦·卡西奇，以及州总监察长办公室、医疗补助计划部、州惩教局等部门网站均遭到黑客攻击。

州长卡西奇的办公室表示，“我们被告知情况后立即开始更正，我们将继续密切关注直到问题解决。”

霍华德县、马里兰和纽约州布鲁克黑文的政府网站也遭到黑客攻击。

一些网站已于星期日晚些时候恢复，其它网站受到攻击后被下线，直到星期一凌晨仍未恢复。

一个自称Team System DZ的组织宣布对攻击这些网站负责。

Government Websites in US Hacked With Pro-Islamic State Message

Several U.S. state and local government websites were hacked Sunday to display a message supporting the Islamic State group.

"You will be held accountable Trump, you and all your people for every drop of blood flowing in Muslim countries," the message said. It ended with, "I love the Islamic state."

The most extensive effects were in the state of Ohio, where the hacks hit websites for Governor John Kasich and first lady Karen Kasich, as well as the state's Inspector General, Department of Medicaid, Department of Rehabilitation and Correction, and others.

"As soon as we were notified of the situation we immediately began to correct it and will continue to monitor until fully resolved," Governor Kasich's office said.

The hacking also affected the websites for Howard County, Maryland and Brookhaven, New York.

Some of the sites were restored later Sunday, but others that were taken down following the hack were still unavailable early Monday.

A group named Team System DZ claimed responsibility for the hacks.