美海军开始搜寻失事运输机

美国海军派遣一个深潜打捞小组，寻找11月坠落在西太平洋的运输机。

美国海军在一份声明中说，虽然知道飞机最后一刻在水面上的位置，但是那里的水深有16000多英尺，超出了战区打捞设备的能力。

飞机坠落约40分钟后有8人获救，但是3名水手下落不明。

海军的声明说，将尽一切努力找到牺牲水手的下落。

从华盛顿派出的打捞专家将由海军打捞与潜水监管处率领。专家小组将在日本乘坐一艘打捞船前往坠机地点，寻找飞机上的紧急定位信号器。

海军说，如果搜寻取得成功，将调遣更多的深水打捞设备，寻找并打捞失事飞机。

8艘美国海军和日本海上自卫队的船只、3个直升机编队和海上巡逻机11月在将近1000平方海里的海域搜救失踪美国水手。

Navy Begins Search for Aircraft

The U.S. Navy is sending a team of deep water salvage experts to search for the transport plane that crashed into the western Pacific Ocean in November.

The Navy said is a statement that while "the aircraft's last position on the surface of the water is known, the depth of water in that area exceeds 16,000 feet, beyond the capabilities of salvage assets in theater."

Eight people were rescued about 40 minutes after the crash, but three sailors were lost at sea.

The Navy statement said "Every effort will be made to recover the fallen Sailors."

The salvage experts deployed from Washington will be led by the Navy's Supervisor of Salvage and Diving. The team will board a salvage vessel in Japan and then proceed to the crash site where the group will search for the aircraft's emergency relocation pinger.

"If the search is successful, additional deep water salvage assets will deploy to survey and recover the aircraft," the Navy said.

Eight U.S. Navy and Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force ships, three helicopter squadrons and maritime patrol aircraft covered nearly 1000 square nautical miles in November in the search for the missing sailors.

美议员称非洲将是伊斯兰国组织的下一个“热点”

美国众议院国土安全委员会主席麦考尔说，非洲将是伊斯兰极端主义的下一个“热点”。美国领导的联军在伊拉克和叙利亚击溃了伊斯兰国组织建立的所谓哈里发国后，人们担心伊斯兰国组织转移阵地，并招募人员。

麦考尔议员星期三说：“他们寻求无政府管辖的藏身之处。非洲将是这样的地方，将成为热点。”

美国国务院副国务卿沙利文在众议院外交事务委员会的听证会上说，追踪伊斯兰国武装人员逃亡的地点是国务院的一个当务之急。

他还说，非洲大陆的某些地方，特别是非洲东北的尼日利亚和利比亚，看来是伊斯兰国激进分子选择的目的地。他强调说，非洲的极端主义问题不能仅靠军事手段解决，重要的是要有良好治理，帮助满足非洲人民的需要。

众议员金辛格星期三说，非洲人口中年轻人比例高，失业率也高，因此非洲国家成为恐怖主义组织招募人员的首选之地。

Congressman Says Africa Next ‘Hot Spot’ for Islamic State

The chair of the House Homeland Security Committee says Africa will be the next “hot spot” for Islamic extremism, amid growing concern about Islamic State migration and recruitment after US-led forces in Iraq and Syria reclaimed the group’s so-called caliphate in the Middle East.

“They seek ungoverned territories and safe havens,” Republican Congressman Michael Thomas McCaul, Sr. said Wednesday. “Africa is going to be the spot, it’s going to be the hot spot.”

Speaking at a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing, Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan said keeping track of where Islamic State fighters are fleeing is a “priority” for his department.

He added that part of the African continent, especially northeastern Nigeria and Libya, have appeared to be a “landing place” for IS militants. He stressed, however, that Africa’s extremism problem cannot be solved by “military action alone,” emphasizing that good governance is important to help fulfill the needs of people across the continent.

With young populations and high unemployment, Congressman Adam Kinzinger said Wednesday that African nations have become the “prime recruiting pool for terrorist groups.”