文在寅：川普保证军事打击朝鲜前征求韩国意见

韩国总统文在寅说，美国总统川普保证，针对朝鲜核武器和弹道导弹项目采取军事行动前，会征求韩国的同意。

文在寅星期三发表就职百日电视讲话时，誓言要防止朝鲜半岛再次发生军事冲突。文在寅说，1950年到1953年朝鲜与韩国爆发战争后，韩国努力重建。这场战争最后以停战告终，因此交战双方从技术上说依然处于战争状态。

文在寅发表上述评论前的几个小时，美国总统川普在推特上说，朝鲜领导人金正恩推迟向美国属地关岛海岸发射导弹是“非常聪明，很理智的决定”。川普还说：“相反的决定将是灾难性的，不可接受的。”

朝鲜官方媒体星期二引述金正恩的话说，他暂不实施向日本以南3400公里处的关岛附近水域发射四枚导弹的计划，看看“美国佬是否还要继续他们极端危险和草率的行动”。

川普近来与平壤方面相互威胁，火药味十足。在此之前，联合国安理会批准对朝鲜实施新一轮制裁，目的是把朝鲜每年的出口收入减少三分之一，相当于大约10亿美元。此外，美国国防情报局上个月得出结论，朝鲜已经成功生产出了可以装在导弹上的微型核弹头。

金正恩宣称，朝鲜的导弹可以打到美国大陆，与此同时，川普则表示，对朝鲜的任何攻击，美国都会以“这个世界从未见过的烈焰与愤怒”予以回应。

韩国总统文在寅说，川普咄咄逼人的辞令并不是为了表示采取军事行动的意愿，而是为了显示对朝鲜施加压力的决心。

自由派政治家文在寅5月份就职时曾保证要恢复与朝鲜的接触，包括任命朝鲜特使，但是他的努力遭到了朝鲜政权的回绝。文在寅星期四说，他对朝鲜愿意保持耐心，但同时警告说，如果朝鲜在洲际弹道导弹上安装核弹头的话，就等于是越过了“红色警戒线”。

South Korea President Promises No Second War with North

South Korean President Moon Jae-in says U.S. President Donald Trump has promised to seek Seoul's approval before taking any military action against North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.

President Moon vowed on Wednesday to prevent another military conflict on the Korean Peninsula during a televised news conference marking his first 100 days in office, saying the nation had worked hard to rebuild after the 1950-53 civil war between North and South Korea. The war ended with a truce, so the two sides technically remain in a state of war.

Moon's comments came hours after his American counterpart posted on Twitter that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un made "a very wise and well reasoned decision" to postpone a plan to launch missiles toward the shores of the U.S. territory of Guam. "The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!" Trump wrote.

The North Korean leader was quoted Tuesday in state media as saying he would for the moment call off the plan to fire four missiles over Japan into the waters near Guam, 3,400 kilometers to the south, to see "if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous, reckless actions."

Trump exchanged a series of belligerent remarks with Pyongyang after the United Nations Security Council passed a new round of sanctions against North Korea aimed at cutting a third of North Korea's export income, worth $1 billion annually, and following reports that the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency reached a conclusion last month that the North has successfully built a miniaturized nuclear warhead it could fit inside its missiles.

Kim has boasted that North Korea has the capability of striking the U.S. mainland with a missile, while Trump says the United States would answer any attack with "fire and fury like the world has never seen."

South Korea's Moon said Trump's combative rhetoric was not meant as a show of willingness to take military action, but intended instead to show a strong resolve to pressure the North.

The liberal-leaning Moon entered office in May on a promise to restore engagement with Pyongyang, including appointing a special envoy to the North, but his outreach has been rejected by the isolated regime. Moon said Thursday that he was willing to be patient with the North, but warned that it would be crossing a "red line" if it arms an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) with a nuclear warhead.

布什父子谴责种族主义 川普解散两顾问委员会

美国维吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔市上周末爆发致命暴力冲突事件之后，美国总统唐纳德.川普指称白人至上主义示威者和反示威者双方都有过错，川普因此不断受到批评。

至少7名大公司首席执行官因为对川普言论不满而宣布退出总统顾问小组后，川普周三宣布解散由美国企业高管组成的两个顾问委员会“制造业委员会”和“战略与政策论坛”。

川普说， “与其给商界人士压力… 我索性解散这两个委员会。谢谢大家！” 一天前，川普说这些辞职的人是 “哗众取宠”，并且说有很多人可以取代他们。

金宝汤公司首席执行官丹尼丝.莫里森宣布退出川普制造业就业计划理事会时表示：“种族主义和谋杀都是明确必须受到严厉谴责的，而且与发生在夏洛茨维尔市的任何事情无法在道德上相提并论。我相信总统之前就应该而且现在仍必须明确表达这一点。”

美国国务卿蒂勒森在华盛顿告诉记者说，他谴责上周六夏洛茨维尔出现的“仇恨和暴力”。蒂勒森补充说，“这是在我们的公共话语空间里不可以出现的。”

美国司法部长塞申斯在佛罗里达州迈阿密参加一次活动时说：“我们无论如何都不能接受或是为种族主义、偏见、仇恨、暴力寻找借口，但这雷现象往往又会在我们的国家发生。”

美国两位前总统老布什和小布什，也就是川普上任前入主白宫的两位共和党总统，周三发表联合声明说：“美国永远必须抵制种族偏见，反犹太主义，以及任何形式的仇恨。”

这两位美国前总统援引美国开国先驱之一托马斯·杰弗逊的话说， “当我们为夏洛茨维尔市祈祷的同时，由该城市最显要的公民在独立宣言中记录下来的根本真理也提醒着我们：我们皆是生而平等，享有造物主赋予我们不可剥夺的权利。” “我们知道这些真理将恒远留长，因为我们已经看到了我们国家的正直和伟大。”

川普总统的言论受到美国各界领袖广泛的批评，包括共和党高级官员和商界高管。在夏洛茨维尔暴力事件发生后，美国军方将领也公开谴责了种族主义。

川普总统星期三宣布，他下周将在亚利桑那州凤凰城召集竞选集会，但是凤凰城市长说，虽然总统有权利组织机会，但是他希望川普能推迟此行。

凤凰城市长斯坦顿说：“发生夏洛茨维尔悲剧事件后，我们的国家还在疗伤，川普总统却选择此时举行竞选集会，让我很失望。如果川普总统到凤凰城来是要宣布特赦前警长乔·阿尔帕约的话，那很显然，他的真正意图是点燃民众情绪，进一步让我们的国家陷入分歧。”

阿尔帕约因为违抗法官的命令，不停止针对移民的交通巡查，上星期被一家联邦法院判定有罪。川普本周接受采访时说，他正在考虑赦免阿尔帕约。

Trump Dissolves Business Advisory Councils After CEO Resignations Over Charlottesville Comments

U.S. President Donald Trump continues to face a barrage of criticism for his contention that both white supremacists and counter-protesters were to blame for the deadly violence that erupted last weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia.

On Wednesday, the president announced that he had dissolved two business advisory committees composed of top American corporate executives, after at least seven CEOs announced they were resigning from the councils because of his remarks.

Trump said that "rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople ... I am ending both. Thank you all!" A day ago, Trump had branded those quitting the panels as "grandstanders" and said they could be easily replaced with more corporate leaders.

In announcing her resignation from Trump's manufacturing jobs initiative before he disbanded it, Campbell's Soup CEO Denise Morrison said: "Racism and murder are unequivocally reprehensible and are not morally equivalent to anything else that happened in Charlottesville. I believe the president should have been - and still needs to be - unambiguous on that point."

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters in Washington, D.C., that he condemns the "hate and violence" displayed on Saturday in Charlottesville, adding, "There is just simply no place for that in our public discourse."

U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, speaking at an event in Miami, Florida, said, "In no way can we accept [or] apologize for racism, bigotry, hatred, violence, and those kind of things that too often arise in our country."

Also Wednesday, two former U.S. presidents, George H.W. Bush and his son George W. Bush, the last two Republicans elected to the White House before Trump, said in a joint statement, "America must always reject racial bigotry, anti-Semitism, and hatred in all forms."

The two former presidents added, "As we pray for Charlottesville, we are reminded of the fundamental truths recorded by that city’s most prominent citizen in the Declaration of Independence: we are all created equal and endowed by our Creator with unalienable rights," a reference to Thomas Jefferson, one of the country's Founding Fathers. "We know these truths to be everlasting because we have seen the decency and greatness of our country."

President Trump's remarks have been roundly criticized by a broad range of U.S. leaders, including top Republican party officials and business executives. U.S. military commanders spoke out against racism following the death in Charlottesville.

Trump announced Wednesday he will hold a campaign rally next week in Phoenix, Arizona, but the city's mayor said that while the president has the right to stage the event, he hopes Trump will delay the visit.

"I am disappointed that President Trump has chosen to hold a campaign rally as our nation is still healing from the tragic events in Charlottesville," Mayor Greg Stanton said. "If President Trump is coming to Phoenix to announce a pardon for former Sheriff Joe Arpaio, then it will be clear that his true intent is to enflame emotions and further divide our nation."

Arpaio was convicted last month in a federal court for disobeying a judge's order to stop traffic patrols that targeted immigrants. Trump said in an interview this week he was considering pardoning Arpaio, who was one of the speakers at last year's Republican National Convention where the now-president accepted the party's nomination for the November election.