川普震后向墨西哥总统表示慰问

墨西哥大地震造成数十人丧生一周后，美国总统川普通过电话向墨西哥总统表示同情。

白宫星期四发表声明说，川普总统打电话给墨西哥总统涅托，“对地震造成的人员伤亡和家园被毁表示慰问。”

川普在空军一号上对记者谈到跟涅托总统的通话时说：“那次地震太可怕了，我们表达了慰问。”

川普在推特上说，他三天以来一直联络不到涅托总统，因为涅托正在墨西哥南部的地震灾区视察，手机信号很差。

白宫说，川普“表示跟墨西哥政府和人民站在一起，最近两个国家都遇到了一系列天灾。”

涅托总统上星期说，这次地震是墨西哥百年不遇的大地震，并宣布全国三天哀悼。

Trump Expresses Condolences to Mexican President after Earthquake

A week after Mexico experienced an earthquake that killed scores of people, U.S. President Donald Trump called his Mexican counterpart to express his sympathy.

The White House said Thursday in a statement Trump called Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto "to extend his condolences for the lives lost and homes destroyed due to the earthquake..."

Trump, describing his conversation with the Mexican leader, told reporters on Air Force One, "That whole earthquake is terrible. We paid our respects."

Trump said on his Twitter account that he had been unable to reach Pena Nieto for three days because of sketchy cell phone reception in the earthquake area in southern Mexico where the Mexican president was visiting.

The White House said Trump expressed his "solidarity with the government and people of Mexico as both our countries respond to the recent spate of natural disasters."

Pena Nieto said last week the earthquake was the biggest Mexico has experienced in more than 100 years and declared three days on national mourning.

伊拉克南部连环袭击 至少60人丧生

伊斯兰国组织宣布，对伊拉克南部星期四发生的枪击和汽车炸弹袭击负责。这两起袭击造成至少60人丧生。

有关官员说，发生在济加尔省首府纳西里耶附近的袭击事件还造成80多人受伤。

有关官员说，激进分子先是对一家饭店开火，没过多久，一个自杀炸弹杀手又开着载有爆炸物的车子冲向附近的一个安全哨卡。

死者中有三名警察，还有若干伊朗人，他们其中很多都是朝圣途中在饭店用餐的顾客。

伊斯兰国组织发表声明，承认袭击事件是他们制造的，并声称杀死了“几十个”什叶派穆斯林。

济加尔省位于首都巴格达东南约320公里处，居民中什叶派穆斯林占多数。

Twin Attacks Kill at Least 60 in Southern Iraq

Islamic State has claimed responsibility for gun and car bomb attacks that killed at least 60 people in southern Iraq Thursday.

More than 80 people were also wounded in the attacks near Nasiriyah, the capital of Dhiqar province, officials said.

Militants opened fire at a restaurant and shortly afterwards a suicide attack carried out by a driver in an explosive-laden vehicle struck a nearby security checkpoint, officers said.

Three of the dead were police officers, while a number of others were Iranians, many of them pilgrims dining at the restaurant while en route to visit religious shrines.

In its statement claiming responsibility for the attack, Islamic State said it had killed "dozens" of Shi'ites.

The Shi'ite-dominated Dhiqar province is 320 kilometers southeast of Baghdad.