联合国安理会将就伊朗导弹试射召开会议

联合国安理会将于星期二举行紧急会谈，对伊朗进行的弹道导弹试验作出反应。

伊朗星期日试射一枚中程导弹后，美国要求举行会议。目前这枚导弹的确切类型及其射程尚不清楚。

安理会2015年通过一项决议，禁止伊朗从事与用于携带核弹头的弹道导弹有关的任何活动。

这一为期八年的禁令是在伊朗与六个世界大国达成协议后实施的，该协议以限制伊朗核项目来换取减免对其的制裁。

该协议是伊朗与美、英、法、俄、中、德这六大国签订的，以回应对伊朗正在努力发展核武器的指控，不过伊朗一再否认这一指控。

美国总统川普对伊朗核协议一直持严厉批评的态度，他说世界大国放弃了太多，换取的却太少。川普本周与沙特国王萨尔曼通电话时，承诺要“严格”执行协议条款。

另一位反对伊朗核协议的美国参议员鲍勃·科克尔周一表示，伊朗一再违规的弹道导弹试验不会再得到放行了。

科克尔在一份声明中说，“我期待着与我的同僚和政府合作，要伊朗对这次和其他违规行为负责，同时确保彻底执行对其核计划的现有规定。”

UN Security Council to Meet on Iran Missile Test

The United Nations Security Council is to hold urgent talks Tuesday in response to a ballistic missile test carried out by Iran.

The United States requested the meeting following Sunday's test launch of a medium-range missile. The exact type of missile and its capabilities were not clear.

A 2015 Security Council resolution prohibits Iran from any activities related to ballistic missiles designed to carry nuclear warheads.

The eight-year ban followed the adoption of an agreement Iran reached with six world powers to limit its nuclear program in return for sanctions relief.

The deal brokered with the U.S., Britain, France, Russia, China and Germany came in response to allegations Iran was working to develop nuclear weapons, which Iran has repeatedly rejected.

U.S. President Donald Trump has been a sharp critic of the Iranian nuclear deal, saying the world powers gave up too much in exchange for too little. In a phone call this week with Saudi King Salman, Trump promised to "rigorously" enforce the agreement.

Senator Bob Corker, another opponent of the deal, said Monday Iran will no longer "be given a pass for its repeated ballistic missile violations."

"I look forward to working with my colleagues and the administration to hold Iran accountable for this and other violations while ensuring radical enforcement of existing restrictions on its nuclear program," he said in a statement.

魁北克清真寺枪击案：加拿大学生被起诉

加拿大魁北克市内一家清真寺发生致命枪击之后，警方对一名法裔加拿大大学生以谋杀罪提出指控。

27岁的亚历山大·比索内特星期一晚上被指控犯有六项一级谋杀罪和五项谋杀未遂罪。加拿大总理特鲁多谴责这一事件是“对穆斯林的恐怖袭击”。

枪击事件是星期天晚上发生的，当时在魁北克伊斯兰文化中心内有50多人。警方女发言人克里斯汀·库伦说，6名受害者的年龄从35岁到70岁。还有8人在袭击中受伤，其中5人伤势严重。

警方还拘留了另外一名嫌疑人，但目前此人被视为证人。

警察没有说明袭击的动机，目前也不清楚是否有其他人涉案。

加拿大皇家警察警长马丁·普兰德说，目前袭击案作为国内事件调查。他补充说，警方将收集更多的信息和证据，然后向前推进。

加拿大总理特鲁多星期一对议会表示，受害者仅仅因为他们的宗教信仰而成为攻击目标，他对生活在加拿大的穆斯林说，“我们与你在一起。”

Canadian Student Charged with Quebec City Mosque Shooting

Police in Quebec City have charged a French-Canadian university student with murder following a deadly attack on a mosque in the city.

Alexandre Bissonnette, 27, was charged Monday evening with six counts of first degree murder and five counts of attempted murder in the shooting, which Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau condemned as a "terrorist attack on Muslims."

More than 50 people were at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Center when the shooting erupted late Sunday. A police spokeswoman, Christine Coulombe, said the six victims ranged in age from 35 to about 70. Eight others were wounded in the attack, including five who are in critical condition.

A second person was detained by police as a suspect, but is now being considered a witness.

Police did not give a motive for the attack and it is not clear if anyone else was involved in the shooting.

Speaking to Parliament Monday, Trudeau said the victims were targeted simply because of their religion, and he told Muslims who live in Canada, "We are with you."