荷兰首相鲁特击败民族主义挑战者

荷兰选举的初步计票结果表明，首相马克·鲁特的政党赢得了议会中最多的席位，以超过预期的多数票击败了反移民，反伊斯兰的民粹主义者吉尔特·威尔德斯。

鲁特领导的自由民主人民党预计将赢得议会150个席位中的31席，超过任何其他党。预计包括威尔德斯的自由党在内的三个政党将赢得19个席位。

有关官员说，这次选举的选民投票率是三十年来最高的，达到81％。

鲁特称选举结果对“民主的庆祝”。他说，荷兰人民对“错误的民粹主义者”说不。

欧洲各国领导人纷纷对选举结果表示支持。德国总理默克尔通过电话祝贺鲁特，法国总统奥朗德则发表声明称赞“开放、尊重他人的价值观和对欧洲未来的信念”是对民族主义和孤立主义唯一的真正回应。卢森堡总理泽维尔贝特尔则在社交媒体上发声，支持荷兰选举结果。

威尔德斯的竞选被看作是一波横扫欧洲，甚至横跨大西洋延伸到美国的民粹主义的最新考验。自英国通过全民投票决定离开欧盟而发出冲击波之后，威尔德斯的支持率一路上升被视为进一步警告，说明欧洲国家之间的合作可能受到威胁。

Netherlands PM Mark Rutte Defeats Nationalist Challenger

Early results from the Netherlands election say Prime Minister Mark Rutte's party has won the most seats in parliament, defeating that of anti-immigrant, anti-Islam nationalist Geert Wilders by a larger margin than expected.

Rutte's center-right People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is expected to take 31 of 150 seats, far ahead of any other party. Three parties are expected to win 19 seats each, including Wilders' anti-immigration Freedom Party.

Officials say voter turnout was the highest in three decades, at 81 percent.

Rutte called the results "a celebration of democracy." He said the Netherlands has said no to the "wrong kind of populists."

Various European leaders are voicing their approval of the outcome. German Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated Rutte by phone, while French President Francois Hollande released a statement praising "the values of openness, respect for others, and a faith in Europe's future" as the only true responses to nationalism and isolationism. Luxembourg's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel took to social media to tweet his support.

Wilders' run was seen as the latest test of a wave of populism to sweep across Europe, extending as far as the United States across the Atlantic. After Britain sent shock waves across Europe by voting to leave the EU, Wilders' climb to prominence was seen as further warning that cooperation among European nations could be threatened.

联邦法官下令暂不执行川普的旅行限令

美国夏威夷一名联邦法官星期三裁决，暂不执行川普总统修订后的旅行限令，川普总统愤怒誓言如有必要，将一路上到联邦最高法院论理。

在法官裁决后几小时，川普总统在田纳西州纳什维尔告诉支持者，“危险是清楚的，法律是明确的，我的行政命令也显然是有必要的。”他补充说，他有权决定谁可以获准进入美国，以保证美国人民的安全。

川普指责夏威夷美国地方法院的司法延伸前所未有，并表示他会“把这个案子打上去。”

夏威夷方面认为，川普总统临时禁止六个以穆斯林为主的国家的旅行者和移民将损害夏威夷经济十分依赖的旅游业。该州还认为，其穆斯林居民将遭受痛苦，因为他们来自六个受影响国家的亲属将无法来美探访。这六个国家是伊朗、利比亚、索马里、苏丹、叙利亚和也门。

夏威夷总检察长说，律师们证明了川普的限令表现出对宗教的敌意，他称之为违宪。他还说，他作出这个决定受益的是孩子和下一代。

美国至少还有六个州正在就旅行限令提起诉讼。

Federal Judge Puts Revised Trump Travel Ban on Hold

An angry President Donald Trump promised to fight all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary, after a federal judge in Hawaii put his revised travel ban on hold Wednesday, hours before it was to take effect.

Trump told supporters in Nashville, Tennessee, hours after the judge's ruling, that "the danger is clear, the law is clear, the need for my executive order is clear," adding that he has the authority to control who is allowed into the country to keep the American people safe.

Trump accused the U.S. District Court in Hawaii of unprecedented judicial overreach, and said he would "take our case as far as it needs to go."

Hawaii argued that Trump's temporary ban on travelers and migrants from six Muslim-majority countries would harm tourism, on which the Hawaiian economy heavily depends. The state also contended that its Muslim residents would suffer because their relatives from the six affected countries -- Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen -- would not be able to visit.

Hawaii Attorney General said lawyers demonstrated that the Trump ban showed a hostility toward religion, which he called unconstitutional. He said the winners in this decision are children and the next generation.

At least six other states are suing to stop the travel ban.