伊斯坦布尔新年夜店屠杀案嫌疑人据报已被警方收押

土耳其新闻媒体报道说，12月31日在伊斯坦布尔夜店发动袭击，造成39人死亡的嫌疑人已经被警方逮捕。

报道说，阿卜杜勒卡迪尔·马沙里波夫星期一在伊斯坦布尔的厄森尤特区被捕。

土耳其NTV电视台等媒体报道说，警方对厄森尤特区的一所住宅时发动突袭，逮捕了马沙里波夫。他一直和来自吉尔吉斯斯坦的一个 朋友住在这里。房子里的另外5个人也被逮捕，包括三名妇女。

报道说，警方上星期就发现了他的藏身之处，但决定推迟对他的逮捕，以便监控他的行动，看他会跟哪些人联络。预计警方在星期二上午的新闻发布会上将公布更多具体细节。

Suspect in New Year's Eve Turkish Nightclub Massacre reported in Custody

Turkish news reports say a suspect has been arrested in the attack on an Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people on December 31.

Reports say Abdulkadir Masharipov was detained Monday in Istanbul's Esnyurt district.

Turkey's nationwide NTV and other media outlets said the suspect was seized in a raid on a house in the district where he had been staying with a friend from Kyrgyzstan. Five others in the house also were detained, including three women.

That report said police discovered the suspect's whereabouts last week, but delayed the raid to monitor his movements and contacts.

Police were expected to release additional details in a Tuesday morning news conference.

科索沃总理呼吁同塞尔维亚保持冷静

科索沃和塞尔维亚周末发生口水战，科索沃总理穆斯塔法呼吁同塞尔维亚的关系中保持冷静。

这是穆斯塔法在接受美国之音阿尔巴尼亚语组采访时，对塞尔维亚总统尼科利奇说的“如有必要，塞尔维亚准备向科索沃派遣军队，保护塞尔维亚公民”这种说法所做出的回应。上星期六，一列从塞尔维亚开往科索沃，上面写着“科索沃是塞尔维亚的”列车被拦在边界，不得进入科索沃。

穆斯塔法批评尼科利奇的言论不负责任，说这不仅是对科索沃，而且是对巴尔干半岛的威胁。

他说：“我们不会用同样的语言来回应这种威胁。我们愿意同塞尔维亚保持友好睦邻关系。”

塞尔维亚总统尼科利奇指责科索沃向边界派遣特别部队，阻止这列涂着塞尔维亚国家代表色的列车入境是想要挑起战争。

科索沃总理穆斯塔法则告诉记者说，这列火车传递了“占领的信息”。

Kosovo Prime Minister Urges Calm Over Conflict with Serbia

Kosovo Prime Minister Isa Mustafa urged for calm in relations with Serbia following a war of words that erupted between the two countries over the weekend.

In an exclusive interview with VOA’s Albanian Service, Mustafa was responding to comments by Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić who said his country “is ready to send troops to Kosovo to protect Serbian nationals, if necessary," after a train painted with the words "Kosovo is Serbia" was stopped Saturday from entering Kosovo.

Mustafa called Nikolić s statement "irresponsible" and a threat "not only to Kosovo but also to the Balkans."

"We do not want to respond to that threat with the same language," said Mustafa. "We are interested in living in good neighborly relations with Serbia."

Nikolić said Kosovo had shown it wanted war after it deployed special forces to prevent the train painted with Serbia's national colors from entering its territory.

Mustafa told journalists the train "sent a message of occupation."