美国零售业及通胀率均有所上扬

美国零售销售和通货膨胀在1月份上升，为美联储继续加息铺路。

零售销售本月增长0.4%。 PNC银行经济学家格斯·福奇说，上涨的部分原因是劳动力市场不断改善，随着工人变得越来越稀缺，造成“就业越来越多，工资越来越高”。

经济学家密切观察零售销售，因为消费者需求驱动着大多数美国经济活动。

另一份报告显示，美国消费者价格在近四年内以最快的速度增长，1月份的成本增长了0.6%，过去一年的增长率为2.5％。

美联储致力于保持消费价格每年2％的适度增长，可以通过提高利率以降低通货膨胀。

US Retail Sales and Inflation Rise

U.S. retail sales and inflation rose in January, strengthening the case for the central bank to raise interest rates.

Retail sales advanced four-tenths of a percent for the month. PNC Bank economists Gush Faucher says the gain is partly due to an improving labor market with "more jobs and rising wages" as workers become scarce.

Economists watch retail sales because consumer demand drives most U.S. economic activity.

A separate report shows U.S. consumer prices rose at the fastest pace in nearly four years, with costs gaining six-tenths of a percent in January and 2.5 percent in the past year.

The Federal Reserve works to keep prices rising at a modest two percent annual rate, and can raise interest rates to lower inflation.

金正男被刺案又一人被捕

马来西亚警方周四表示，他们逮捕了另一名女子，涉嫌暗杀朝鲜领导人金正恩同父异母的兄长。

有关当局认定，这名女子为25岁的西蒂·艾沙 (Siti Aishah)，持有印度尼西亚护照，已根据机场安全摄像机的录像得到“确认”。

西蒂·艾沙被捕一天前，警方在马来西亚首都吉隆坡国际机场拘留了另一名女子。警方的一份声明说，她名叫端诗香（译音，Doan Thi Huong），有越南旅行证件，并称此人也已根据安全摄像机的录像得到了确认。

韩国周三证实，受害者是朝鲜领导人同父异母的兄长金正男，他一度有望成为朝鲜领导人，但他2001年试图用假护照入境日本到东京迪斯尼乐园去，随后失宠。

韩国统一部发言人郑俊熙说：“似乎可以确定，被害人就是金正男。”

Second Arrest in Kim Jong Nam Death

Police in Malaysia said Thursday they have arrested a second woman in connection with the apparent assassination of a half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

Authorities identified the woman as 25-year-old Siti Aishah, saying she held an Indonesian passport and was "positively identified" from airport security camera footage.

The arrest came a day after police detained another woman at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in the Malaysian capital. A police statement identified her as Doan Thi Huong, with Vietnamese travel documents, and said she was also positively identified from security cameras.

South Korea on Wednesday confirmed the victim was the North Korean leader’s older half-brother, Kim Jong Nam, who was once in line to become head of state, but fell out of favor with their father, Kim Jong Il, after he tried to enter Japan on a forged passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland in 2001.

“It seems assured that the person who was killed was Kim Jong Nam,” said Jeong Joon-hee, the South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman.