罗马的天主教与犹太博物馆史无前例举行联展

梵蒂冈和罗马的犹太博物馆宣布了一个史无前例的计划，双方将联合举办以大烛台为主的展览。大烛台是古代犹太教的象征。

展览将于5月15日到7月23日举行，并同时在圣彼得广场和罗马主要的犹太教堂的博物馆举行。

展览将包括来自世界各地的艺术作品和其他展品，重点展现大烛台在犹太教和基督教历史和文化中的重要性。

展览的另一个亮点是从加利利犹太教堂找到的一块历史可追溯到公元一世纪的石头。

罗马天主教会和犹太教之间的关系自1965年以来大大改善，当时梵蒂冈推翻了犹太人因基督死亡而有罪的说法。

Vatican, Rome's Jews to Hold Unprecedented Joint Art Exhibit

The Vatican and Rome's Jewish Museum have announced an unprecedented event -- a joint exhibit focusing on the menorah, the candelabra that is the ancient symbol of Judaism.

The exhibit will open on May 15 and run through July 23 and will be simultaneously held in St. Peter's Square and in the museum in Rome's main synagogue.

The displays will include pieces of artwork and other exhibits from around the world, centering on the importance of the menorah in both Jewish and Christian history and culture.

A newly found stone from the Galilee synagogue dating to the first century A.D. will be another highlight of the exhibit.

Ties between the Roman Catholic Church and world Judaism have improved immensely since 1965 when the Vatican repudiated Jewish guilt for the death of Christ.

川普任命军事战略家为国家安全顾问

美国总统川普星期一任命陆军中将麦克马斯特为新的国家安全顾问。这名军事战略家的整个职业生涯都是在美国武装部队渡过的。

川普称54岁的麦克马斯特是“一个极有天赋和经验丰富的人”。
川普总统是在他位于佛罗里达州大西洋岸边的度假庄园宣布这一任命的。他还提出，一直担任代理顾问的退休陆军中将凯洛格将担任国家安全委员会总参谋长。

麦克马斯特目前是陆军能力整合中心的指挥，这是一个陆军机构，负责将“作战能力纳入部队”和其他政府机构。川普在包括凯洛格在内的至少另外三名候选人中选定麦克马斯特。

麦克马斯特将取代一周前辞职的迈克尔·弗林。弗林在川普政府接掌华盛顿的工作后只担任了24天的国家安全顾问。川普总统上周说，弗林没有如实向副总裁彭斯汇报他在川普一个月前就职之前的几个星期里与俄罗斯驻美大使的联系，这是不可接受的。

麦克马斯特在军队生涯中多次获奖，包括早年获得陆军部队银星奖章。在1991年伊拉克入侵科威特期间，麦克马斯特领导美军部队在与萨达姆侯赛因的部队进行的战斗中摧毁了80辆伊拉克共和国卫队的坦克，而美军没有损失。过去25年来麦克马斯特担任过军中许多关键职位。三年前，美国“时代”周刊将他列入世界上最有影响力的100名人物名单，称他为“未来美军的设计师”。

Trump Names Army Strategist as National Security Adviser

U.S. President Donald Trump named a new national security adviser Monday, picking Army Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster, a military strategist who has spent his entire career in the U.S. armed forces.

Trump called the 54-year-old McMaster "a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience."

The president, making the announcement from his Florida retreat Mar-a-Lago along the Atlantic Ocean, said that retired Army Lieutenant General Keith Kellogg, who had been his acting adviser, will now serve as chief of staff of the National Security Council.

McMaster is currently director of the Army's Capabilities Integration Center, an Army agency tasked with integrating "war-fighting capabilities into the force" and with other government agencies. Trump selected him over at least three other contenders, including Kellogg.

McMaster will replace Michael Flynn, the retired Army general Trump fired a week ago after just 24 days on the job at the start of Trump's assumption of power in Washington. The new president said last week it was unacceptable to him that Flynn lied to Vice President Mike Pence about contacts he had with the Russian ambassador to Washington in the weeks before Trump was inaugurated a month ago.

McMaster is a much-decorated soldier. He won a Silver Star early in his Army career for leading U.S. troops in their destruction of 80 Iraqi Republican Guard tanks, without U.S. losses, in a battle against Saddam Hussein's forces during their 1991 invasion of Kuwait. McMaster has held numerous key Army postings over the last 25 years. Three years ago, Time magazine put him on its list of the 100 most influential people in the world, calling him "the architect of the future U.S. Army."