被解雇的前联邦调查局局长提供证词

最近被解雇的前联邦调查局局长科米星期四在国会作证说，他认为美国总统川普试图让他放弃对前国家安全顾问的调查，而且白宫官员为掩盖他被解雇的原因散布了“一派谎言”。

科米对议员们说：“毫无疑问，我是因为俄罗斯调查而被解雇的。” 科米是指扩大对俄罗斯影响去年美国大选的调查。美国情报机构表示，克林姆林宫曾试图帮助川普在选举中击败其民主党竞选对手、前国务卿希拉里·克林顿。

科米说：总统“努力改变俄罗斯调查的方式，是一个很大的问题。”

科米在参议院情报委员会的作证，是他第一次有机会公开谈论他在被解雇前的几个月中同川普的会面和谈话内容。共和党和民主党议员对美国最大执法机构的这位前负责人进行了近三小时的轮流提问。美国所有主要电视新闻网都对这个戏剧性的听证会进行了报道和全球播放。

川普总统的私人律师卡索维茨在参议院听证会后马上对记者表示，川普“从未在形式或内容上指示或暗示科米应该停止对任何人的的调查。”

上个月，在科米令人惊讶地被突然解雇之后，川普和他的助手表示，这个行动是必要的，因为联邦调查局一片混乱，它的负责人失去了下属的信任。

Fired FBI Chief Testified

The recently fired director of the FBI, James Comey, said on Capitol Hill Thursday that he believed U.S. President Donald Trump was trying to get him to drop an investigation of Trump's former national security adviser, and that White House officials spread "lies, plain and simple" to cover up the reason for his dismissal.

"There's no doubt that I was fired because of the Russia investigation," Comey told lawmakers, referring to the widening investigation of Russian influence on last year's U.S. presidential election, which American intelligence agencies have said was an effort by the Kremlin to assist Trump's electoral defeat of his Democratic opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

The president's efforts "to change the way the Russia investigation was conducted, that is a big deal," Comey said.

Comey's testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee was his first chance to speak in public about the meetings and conversations he had with Trump during the months before he was fired. The former head of the nation's largest law-enforcement agency was questioned alternately by Republican and Democratic senators for nearly three hours; the dramatic session was covered live by all major U.S. television networks, and broadcast worldwide.

The president's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, told reporters immediately after the Senate hearing that Trump "never, in form or substance, directed or suggested that Mr. Comey stop investigating anyone."

After Comey's abrupt and stunning dismissal last month, Trump and his aides said the action was necessary because the Federal Bureau of Investigation was in disarray, and its director had lost the trust of his agents.

朝鲜称成功试射了地对海巡航火箭

朝中社星期五报道说，朝鲜成功地试射了一枚新的“地对海巡航火箭”，可以打击发动军事袭击的敌方战舰。

朝中社说，星期四早上，在金正恩领袖的监督下，平壤发射了几枚地对舰导弹。报道说，这些导弹“准确地发现并击中了朝鲜东海的浮动目标。”

这次导弹试射是朝鲜一个月中的第四次。上星期，联合国安理会刚刚对金正恩政权实施了新的制裁。前三次都是弹道导弹试射，朝鲜看似决心要发展能够携带核武器并能打到美国本土的导弹。

美国国务院发言人诺尔特星期四说，由于平壤日益频繁的导弹测试，与朝鲜就朝鲜半岛无核化问题恢复谈判变得更加困难。诺尔特说：“我们希望会谈将在某一时间恢复，但是我们远没有到达那一步。”

最新导弹发射的一天前，韩国决定暂停部署美国萨德反导弹系统。诺尔特说，暂停部署萨德是蒂勒森国务卿、马蒂斯国防部长与川普总统星期四在椭圆形办公室开会时“谈话的一部分”。她说：“这是一次最高级别的谈话。我们忠实于我们的韩国盟友。这个忠诚依然坚不可摧。我们当然了解当前的局势以及更多发射器的部署已经暂停。”

韩国说，将推迟部署萨德反导弹系统的余下工程，直到完成对该系统环境影响的评估。

Report: North Korea Has Successful 'Ground-to-sea Cruise Rocket' Launch

North Korea successfully tested a new "ground-to-sea cruise rocket" that is capable of striking enemy battleships staging a military attack, the country's KCNA news agency said Friday.

Pyongyang launched several land-to-sea missiles early Thursday, under the supervision of leader Kim Jong Un, KCNA said. The missiles "accurately detected and hit the floating targets on the East Sea of Korea," it reported.

The missile test was North Korea's fourth in the span of a month, and comes after the United Nations Security Council imposed new sanctions on Kim's government last week. The three previous tests were of ballistic missiles, with North Korea appearing determined to develop a missile capable of carrying a nuclear weapon and reaching the U.S. mainland.

U.S. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Thursday the resumption of talks with North Korea on the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula is made more difficult by Pyongyang's increasingly frequent missile tests. "We hope, at some point, the talks could resume, but we are nowhere near that point," Nauert said.

The latest missile firing came just one day after South Korea suspended the deployment of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system. Nauert said the suspension of THAAD deployment is "part of the conversations" that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis had with President Donald Trump at an Oval Office meeting on Thursday. "This is a conversation that's taken place at the highest level. We are committed to our South Korean ally. That commitment remains ironclad. We are aware, certainly, of the situation and the suspension of additional launchers," Nauert said.

Seoul said it would delay the installation of remaining components of THAAD anti-missile system until it completes an assessment of the system's environmental impact.