美国官员：俄罗斯违反导弹条约

白宫官员说，俄罗斯部署了一枚巡航导弹，这违反了一个有30年历史之久的条约。

美俄两国在1987年根据“中程核力量条约”同意不拥有、不生产或不试飞任何航程可达500至5500公里的从地面发射的导弹。

美国国务院2014年抱怨说，俄罗斯正在开发和测试这样的导弹，从而违反了这一条约。但俄罗斯否认了这一指控。

白宫官员星期二证实，俄罗斯已经进展到部署这枚导弹。

首次披露这一消息的纽约时报说，俄罗斯在其阿斯特拉罕的导弹试验场有这种被禁止的巡航导弹，另一个在12月被移到俄罗斯另一处的试验地点。

美国国务院没有确认报道所说的导弹部署，但发言人唐纳说，俄罗斯违反了条约，并提及国务院早前的指控。

US Official: Russia Violated Missile Treaty

A White House official said Russia has violated a 30-year-old treaty by deploying a cruise missile.

The two countries agreed in 1987 under the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty to not possess, produce or flight-test any ground-launched missiles that could fly between 500 and 5,500 kilometers.

In 2014, the U.S. State Department complained that Russia was in violation because it was developing and testing such a missile. Russia denied the allegation.

The White House official on Tuesday confirmed that Russia had progressed to deploying the missile.

The New York Times, which first reported the deployment, said that Russia has one battalion of the banned cruise missile at a test site at Kapustin Yar, and that another was moved in December to an operational site in another part of the country.

The State Department would not confirm the reported deployment, but spokesman Mark Toner did say that Russia was in violation of the treaty, citing the department's earlier allegations.

金正男之死可能是朝鲜政府支持的暗杀

有关金正男之死的更多细节逐渐明朗，这位朝鲜领导人金正恩的同父异母的胞兄本周早些时候在马来西亚显然被暗杀。

韩国周三证实，死者确实是朝鲜领导人的兄长，他曾经有望成为国家元首，但在他2001年试图以伪造护照进入日本前往东京迪斯尼乐园，使他的父亲金正日对他失望。

马来西亚警方星期二的报告证实，一名46岁的朝鲜男子以金哲的名字持护照旅行，在吉隆坡国际机场寻求医疗帮助后在去医院的途中去世。马来西亚警察说，此人周二的旅行目的地是澳门，他一直住在那里。

美国政府未透露姓名的消息来源称，美国坚信，金正男是被朝鲜特工人员谋杀的。

韩国国家情报局（NIS）星期三证实，金正男被疑是被朝鲜女特工使用带毒针头的针，或在他脸上喷洒不明液体，或用化学处理过的布料杀死。据报袭击者乘一辆出租车逃离，目前仍在逃。

调查这起袭击事件的马来西亚警方说，金正男的死因不详，并将进行验尸。金正男的尸体星期三上午被送到第二家医院，将在那里进行尸体解剖。警方消息说，朝鲜使馆官员也在医院现场，并正在与地方当局协调。

广泛猜测刺杀金正男是由平壤的高级官员下令的，很可能是金正恩本人。

韩国代总统和总理黄正安说：“如果证明金正男之死是朝鲜政府干的，那就显示金正恩政权的残酷和非人道的现状”。

据报道，金正男被认为对他兄弟的统治造成威胁，因为他对朝鲜内部对持续镇压和专制做法进行过直言不讳的批评，他也是改革政策的支持者，希望放松国家控制，并且坊间有传言说，中国主席习近平宁愿看到金正男代替金正恩，成为朝鲜领导人。

韩国的间谍机构周三表示，金正恩已经对他兄弟发出暗杀令，而且曾在2012年暗杀未遂。金正男一直生活在北京的保护下，和他的第二任妻子住在中国澳门。

Kim Jong Nam Death Likely a North Korean Sanctioned Assassination

More details are surfacing in the apparent assassination of Kim Jong Nam, the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un who was killed earlier this week in Malaysia.

South Korea on Wednesday confirmed the victim was indeed the North Korean leader’s older half brother, who was once in line to become head of state, but fell out of favor with their father, Kim Jong Il, after he tried to enter Japan on a forged passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland in 2001.

The Malaysian police report issued on Tuesday night confirmed a 46-year-old North Korean man, who was traveling with a passport under the name of Kim Chol, died en route to a hospital after seeking medical help in the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. His travel destination on Tuesday was Macau, where he had been living, said the Malaysian police.

On Tuesday unnamed U.S. government sources said the U.S. strongly believes that Kim Jong Nam was murdered by North Korean agents.

The South Korean National Intelligence Service (NIS) on Wednesday confirmed that Kim Jong Nam was poisoned by two suspected North Korean female agents, using toxic tipped needles, or sprayed with an unidentified liquid in his face, or with a chemically treated cloth. The unidentified assailants then reportedly fled in a taxi and are currently at large.

Malaysian police investigating the attack said the cause of Kim's death was not yet known and a post-mortem would soon be carried out. His body was taken on Wednesday morning to a second hospital, where an autopsy was being performed. North Korean embassy officials were also on scene at the hospital and were coordinating with local authorities, police sources said.

There is widespread speculation that Kim Jong Nam’s death was ordered by high ranking officials in Pyongyang, and very likely by Kim Jong Un himself.

“If it is proved that Kim Jong Nam's death was committed by the North Korean government, it will be a case that shows the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong Un regime,” said South Korean acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn.

Kim Jong Nam was reportedly considered a threat to his brother’s rule because of his outspoken criticism of the continued repressive and authoritarian practices within the country, because he was a proponent of reform policies that would loosen state controls, and because there was speculation that Chinese President Xi Jinping would prefer to see him replace his younger brother as the leader of North Korea.

South Korea’s spy agency said Wednesday that Kim Jong Un had issued a "standing order" for his half-brother's assassination, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012. Kim Jong Nam had been living under Beijing's protection with his second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau.