联合国安理会强烈谴责朝鲜导弹试射

联合国安理会星期四“强烈谴责”朝鲜最近进行的弹道导弹试射，指责平壤“极大地加剧了该地区及地区以外的紧张局势”。

朝鲜上周六试图从东部沿海新浦的潜艇基地发射导弹，但试射失败。朝鲜最近的一系列导弹试射违反了联合国对朝鲜的制裁规定。

联合国安理会星期四发表声明，一致对平壤 “高度破坏稳定的行为和对联合国制裁的公然挑衅性蔑视”表示最严重关切。

声明说：“安理会成员国同意，安理会将继续密切关注局势发展，并进一步采取包括制裁在内的、符合安理会之前所表达的决心的重大措施。”

声明还欢迎国际社会通过对话寻求“和平，全面的解决办法”。

安理会的声明是在川普政府表示对继续发展核武器和导弹计划的朝鲜正在失去耐心时发表的。美国副总统彭斯本周视察南北韩分界线时宣布，华盛顿对朝鲜已失去所谓“战略耐心”。他说，国际社会，特别是中国应加大外交和经济压力，迫使朝鲜放弃核武器和导弹。

UN Security Council 'Strongly Condemns' NKorea Missile Launch

The U.N. Security Council on Thursday "strongly condemned" the most recent ballistic missile test by North Korea, blaming Pyongyang for "greatly increasing tension in the region and beyond."

North Korea last Saturday tried and failed to launch a missile from its submarine base at Sinpo off its eastern coast, the latest in a series of missile tests that violate U.N. sanctions against the North.

In a unanimous statement, U.N. Security Council members expressed their "utmost concern" over Pyongyang's "highly destabilizing behavior and flagrant and provocative defiance" of the U.N. sanctions.

"The members of the Security Council agreed that the Security Council would continue to closely monitor the situation and take further significant measures including sanctions, in line with the Council's previously expressed determination," the statement said.

The statement also welcomed international efforts to find a "peaceful and comprehensive solution through dialogue."

The Security Council statement comes as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump signals it is running out of patience with the North, which continues to develop its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. During his visit to the North Korea border this week, Vice President Mike Pence announced that Washington's strategy of so-called "strategic patience" with the North is over. Pence said the international community, and China in particular, should put more diplomatic and economic pressure to get North Korea to abandon its nuclear arms and missiles.

美国常驻联合国代表谴责伊朗和真主党

美国常驻联合国代表妮基·黑利星期四把矛头对准伊朗及其附庸真主党民兵，说美国将针对这种“日益增长的威胁”采取行动。

黑利大使在联合国安理会主要讨论中东问题、特别是巴以冲突的月会上表示，安理会应扩大注意力，重点关注该地区的其他威胁。

她说：“我们需要从伊朗这个罪魁祸首及其同伙真主党民兵开始。” 真主党是被美国定性为恐怖组织的黎巴嫩什叶派武装组织。 她说，伊朗和真主党民兵通过恐怖主义行动和军事行动联手破坏该地区的稳定。

黑利大使还指责伊朗和真主党民兵参与叙利亚冲突。她说:“今天他们支持阿萨德的野蛮行径，与他的部队一起战斗，增加了数千名平民的死亡和数百万难民的痛苦。 他们在伊拉克训练民兵，并为也门的胡赛激进分子提供武器。”

她警告说：“虽然联合国安理会对这种日益增长的威胁太少关注，美国不会。在伊朗和真主党问题上，美国要说话，要行动，打击他们的无法无天。”

就在这位美国大使在联合国发表措辞强硬的讲话一天之前，美国国务卿蒂勒森批评德黑兰说，虽然伊朗遵守了他们与六大国在2015年达成的“联合全面行动计划”，但协议并没有阻止伊朗发展核武器的能力和决心。

US Ambassador to UN Takes Aim at Iran, Hezbollah

The U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations took aim at Iran and its proxy militia Hezbollah on Thursday, saying the United States would act against this "growing menace."

At the monthly meeting of the U.N. Security Council that focuses on the Middle East, specifically the Israeli-Palestinian issue, Nikki Haley said the council should expand its attention to focus on other threats in the region.

"We need to start with the chief culprit: Iran and its partner militia Hezbollah," she said, referring to the Lebanese Shi'ite militant group, which the U.S. has designated as a terrorist organization. She said the two have conspired together to destabilize the region through terrorist acts and military action.

"Today they prop up Bashar al-Assad's brutality, fighting alongside his forces, adding to the killing of thousands of civilians and the misery of millions of refugees," Haley said of Iran and Hezbollah's involvement in the Syrian conflict. "They train militias in Iraq, and arm Houthi militants in Yemen," she added.

"While this council has paid too little attention to this growing menace, the United States will not," she warned. "We are going to speak up about Iran and Hezbollah, and we are going to act against their lawlessness."

The U.S. ambassador's strong comments come a day after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson criticized Tehran, saying that while it had abided by its obligations under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action agreed between the six major powers and Iran in 2015, the deal had not stopped Iran's ability and determination to develop nuclear weapons.