塔利班在阿富汗展开“春季攻势”

塔利班在阿富汗展开其年度所谓“春季攻势”，表示将把美国领导的外国“占领军”作为主要攻击目标，迫使他们放弃阿富汗。

在星期五对媒体发表的一份正式声明中，这个伊斯兰叛乱武装称“曼苏尔行动”星期五早晨在阿富汗所有34个省展开。

声明解释，此次攻势是以已故的塔利班领导人穆拉·曼苏尔的名字命名的。曼苏尔去年在一次美国无人机空袭中丧生。

塔利班所谓的“战争委员会领导层”发表声明说，“这次行动将包括常规袭击，游击战争，自杀袭击、内部袭击以及使用简易爆炸装置，来达到行动目标。”

过去几年阿富汗的叛乱袭击并没有减少，激进分子在春季的攻击行动会有所强化，因为高山地区融化的积雪使叛乱分子得以发动重大的战地袭击。

塔利班星期五做出上述宣布的一周前，对北部城市马扎里沙里夫的一个阿富汗主要军事基地实施了其最为致命的一次攻击行动。

Taliban Unleashes ‘Spring Offensive’ in Afghanistan

The Taliban has unleashed its annual so-called "spring offensive" in Afghanistan, saying it will mainly target U.S.-led foreign "occupation" troops to force them to quit the country.

In a formal announcement released to media Friday, the Islamist insurgency claimed "Operation Mansouri" went into action early Friday morning across all 34 Afghan provinces.

It explained the offensive has been named after Taliban chief Mullah Akhtar Mansour, who was killed by an American drone last year.

"These operations will involve conventional attacks, guerrilla warfare, complex martyrdom (suicide) attacks, insider attacks, and use of IEDs (improvised explosive devices) to achieve their objectives," said the statement by the Taliban's so-called leadership war council.

While there has been no letup in insurgent attacks in Afghanistan over the past several years, the onset of springtime witnesses an intensification in militant activities because melting snows on mountain peaks allows insurgents to launch major battlefield attacks.

Friday's announcement came a week after the Taliban staged its deadliest ever raid on a major Afghan military base in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif.

抗议者袭击马其顿议会

马其顿议会选举一名阿尔巴尼亚族裔担任议长后，抗议者星期四袭击了首都斯科普里的议会，丢掷椅子并袭击议员。

现场直播的电视画面显示，反对党社会民主党的领导人左兰·扎伊夫的前额流血。

示威者封锁了议会大门，拒绝让议员离开，他们在议员们面前挥舞旗帜，高呼“叛徒”。

议会大楼外的警力发射了眩晕弹以驱散人群。

来自社会民主党和阿尔巴尼亚族裔政党的议员们选举马其顿前国防部长塔拉特·查费里出任议长。马其顿没有一个有效的政府。

保守派赢得了去年12月的议会选举，但是没有足够的议席组建政府。

Protesters Storm Macedonian Parliament

Protesters stormed the Macedonian parliament in Skopje Thursday, throwing chairs and attacking lawmakers after they elected an ethnic Albanian speaker.

The leader of the opposition Social Democrats, Zoran Zaev, was seen on live television with blood on his forehead.

Demonstrators blocked the door of the chamber, refusing to let lawmakers leave as they waved flags in their faces and shouted "traitors."

Police outside the building fired stun grenades to break up the crowd.

Lawmakers from the Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties elected former defense minister Talat Xhaferi speaker, even though the country has no functioning government.

The conservatives won December's parliamentary election, but without enough seats to form a government.