拉夫罗夫: 俄对美国政策模糊持有疑问

俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫星期三说，俄罗斯政府对他所说的美国总统川普新政府的含糊不清和矛盾的想法有很多疑问。

拉夫罗夫在莫斯科与美国国务卿蒂勒森举行的会谈开始时做出上述表示，他还说，俄罗斯必须了解美国的意图。

拉夫罗夫还提到上周美国对叙利亚空军基地袭击，作为对叙利亚发生的化武袭击的反应。拉夫罗夫称美国的反应“令人不安”。

蒂勒森在开场时的讲话更为简短，但是和拉夫罗夫一样，他表示周三会谈在重要时刻进行，双方将就分歧和共同利益进行坦率讨论。

蒂勒森国务卿说，美俄两国之间的沟通 “将始终保持开放”。 他说，他希望了解为什么在一些地方存在尖锐的分歧，以及缩小这些分歧的前景。

七国集团外长星期二在意大利城市卢卡举行的会议没有能够在针对俄罗斯和叙利亚军方实施制裁方面达成一致。有些国家认为，首先应当进行调查，证实上周究竟是谁在叙利亚针对平民使用了化学武器。

Lavrov: Russia Has Questions About Ambiguous US Policies

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Wednesday that his government has had a lot of questions about what he said were ambiguous and contradictory ideas coming from the new administration of U.S. President Donald Trump.

Lavrov spoke at the start of a meeting in Moscow with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, adding that it is important for Russia to understand U.S. intentions.

Lavrov also referenced last week's U.S. strike on a Syrian airbase, which came in response to a chemical weapons attack, calling the U.S. response "troubling."

Tillerson was more brief in his opening statement, but like Lavrov, he said that Wednesday's talks were happening at an important time and would include a frank discussion of their differences and mutual interests.

The top U.S. diplomat said the lines of communication between the two countries "shall always remain open." He said he wants to understand why certain areas of sharp differences exist and the prospects for narrowing those divides.

G7 ministers meeting Tuesday in the Italian city of Lucca failed to agree on targeted sanctions against the Russian and Syrian military, arguing that an investigation would first have to confirm who in Syria used chemical weapons against civilians in the country last week.

习近平支持和平解决朝鲜半岛紧张局势

中国官媒报道说，习近平主席告诉美国总统川普，应当通过和平方式解决朝鲜紧张局势。

报道表示，两位领导人在佛罗里达州会谈将近一周之际，星期三进行了电话交谈。白宫方面还没有发布两位领导人通话的说明。

星期二，川普发推，再次呼吁中国帮助严加管束朝鲜。

川普写道，“朝鲜正在自找麻烦。如果中国决定帮助，那会很好。如果不帮忙，我们将不靠他们，自己解决这个问题。”

川普没有详细说明美国可能会采取何种行动，但在此前数分钟的另一条推文中，川普表示，他告诉习近平，如果“中国解决朝鲜问题”，与美国之间的贸易协定，对他们来说将更有利。

中国是朝鲜主要的捐助者。美国智库对外关系委员会称北京是朝鲜“最重要的盟国，最大的贸易伙伴以及食品、武器和能源的主要来源。”

但是中国对朝鲜不断违反联合国制裁决议进行导弹试射，以及5次核试验越来越感到厌烦。一些分析人士认为，朝鲜正在准备进行第6次核试验。

川普总统星期六派遣一支美国海军攻击群前往靠近朝鲜的太平洋北部水域，向朝鲜领导人金正恩发出信号。朝鲜也已表示，美国上周作为对叙利亚使用化学武器的回应，对叙利亚进行的导弹袭击，表明平壤的核武器开发项目是正确的。朝鲜担心遭到美国类似的攻击。

Chinese Leader Advocates Peaceful Solution to North Korea Tensions

Chinese state media say President Xi Jinping told U.S. leader Donald Trump that resolving North Korea tensions should be achieved peacefully.

The reports said the leaders spoke by telephone Wednesday, nearly a week after face-to-face talks at a summit in the U.S. state of Florida. The White House has not yet issued its account of the conversation.

On Tuesday, Trump used Twitter to reiterate his calls for China to help rein in North Korea.

“North Korea is looking for trouble,” Trump wrote. “If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!”

He did not elaborate on what actions the U.S. might take. But in another message posted minutes earlier, Trump said he told Xi terms of a trade deal would be better for China “if they solve the North Korea problem.”

China is North Korea's main benefactor, with the Council on Foreign Relations describing Beijing as North Korea's “most important ally, biggest trading partner, and main source of food, arms, and energy.”

But China has also grown weary of North Korea's repeated missile tests in violation of United Nations sanctions, as well as its five nuclear tests. Some analysts believe North Korea is preparing a sixth nuclear test.

Trump Saturday dispatched a U.S. Navy strike group to the northern Pacific waters near North Korea to send a message to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korea has said that the U.S. missile attack last week on Syria in response to that country's use of chemical weapons justifies Pyongyang's nuclear development program, as the country fears a similar U.S. attack.