救援团体为逃离若开邦暴力的难民处境感到担心

孟加拉国和缅甸的国际难民机构和救援工作者为数以千计逃离缅甸若开邦宗派暴力的难民处境的恶化感到担心。

联合国难民署亚洲新闻负责人在孟加拉国告诉美国之音缅甸语组说，从缅甸越境逃难的1万8千多人如今面临住房短缺的问题。

国际移民组织等援助团体告诉美国之音孟加拉语组说，缅甸边境一侧还有多达2万人，希望能进入孟加拉国。

美国之音记者报道说，缅甸国内的一些社区也挤满了逃难的人，援助工作者担心，缺少食物安全保障和个人卫生设施会造成传染病的肆虐。

若开邦的村民从8月25日开始外出逃难。此前，一群穆斯林反叛武装对警察哨所发动了一系列袭击。有报道说，缅甸保安当局对罗兴亚人的村庄进行粗暴突袭，以示回应。

这一轮袭击是过去至少五年来该地区发生的最严重的暴力事件，让信仰伊斯兰教的罗兴亚人和缅甸占人口多数的佛教徒纷纷弃家出逃。

Aid Groups Fear Worsening Conditions for Thousands Fleeing Rakhine Violence

International refugee agencies and relief workers in Bangladesh and Myanmar are concerned about worsening conditions for the thousands of people who have fled sectarian violence in Myanmar’s Rakhine state.

Vivian Tan, the Asia press director for the U.N. refugee agency, is in Bangladesh and told VOA’s Burmese service that there is a shortage of shelter for the more than 18,000 people who have fled over the border from Myanmar.

The International Organization for Migration and other aid groups have told VOA’s Bangla service that as many as 20,000 more people are staged just inside Myanmar, hoping to enter Bangladesh.

In Myanmar, some communities are packed with internally displaced people, and relief workers fear that the lack of food safety and personal hygiene facilities could spread infectious diseases, a VOA journalist reported.

People began flowing out of their villages in Rakhine on August 25, after a group of Muslim insurgents launched a series of attacks on police posts. There are reports that Myanmar security authorities responded with brutal raids on Rohingya villages.

The attacks, the worst violence in the region in at least five years, sent both Rohingya, who are Muslims, and people from the Buddhist majority scrambling for safety.

美国法官批准引渡前巴拿马总统
美国一位联邦法官星期四同意将前巴拿马总统里卡多·马丁内利引渡回国，面对腐败和暗中监视政治对手的指控。

迈阿密的联邦法官托里斯在裁决书中写道：“存在合理依据，相信他受到的所有或是一些指控成立，为表示诚信，应将他交给提出引渡要求的国家。”

马丁内利的律师说，他们将提出上诉。最后是否将他引渡回巴拿马，决定权在国务院。
马丁内利2009年到2014年担任巴拿马总统。

他于2015年1月逃到迈阿密，几天后巴拿马最高法院就对他的腐败指控展开的调查。美国有关当局今年6月对他实施了逮捕。

马丁内利是一个富有的超市巨头。他被怀疑挪用公立学校为穷孩子提供午餐的数百万美元经费，用来购置仪器，暗中监视他的政治对手。

马丁内利对指控予以否认，说这些指控带有政治动机。

US Judge Approves Extradition of Former Panamanian President

A U.S. federal judge Thursday approved the extradition of former Panamanian president Ricardo Martinelli to face charges of corruption and spying on his political opponents.

Judge Edwin Torres in Miami wrote that there are "reasonable grounds to suppose him guilty of all or some of the offenses charged...good faith to the demanding government requires his surrender."

Martinelli's lawyers say they will appeal. It is up to the State Department to decide if he will be sent back to Panama.

Martinelli was president of the South American country from 2009 until 2014.

He fled to Miami in January 2015 just days before the Panamanian Supreme Court opened a corruption investigation against him. U.S. authorities arrested him in June.

Martinelli, a wealthy supermarket magnate, is suspected of embezzling millions of dollars from a public school lunch program for poor children and using that money to set up equipment to spy on his political opponents.

He has denied the charges, calling them politically motivated.