朝鲜和联合国同意定期沟通

朝鲜和联合国同意定期沟通。

朝鲜国营媒体朝中社星期六说，这个最新进展是一位联合国高官最近访问平壤的结果。

联合国主管政治事务的副秘书长菲尔特曼本星期访问了朝鲜，与朝鲜外务相李勇浩和副外相朴明国举行了会谈。

朝中社说，菲尔特曼的访问加深了朝鲜民主主义人民共和国与联合国秘书处之间的理解。

菲尔特曼访问前，美国和韩国刚刚开始举行迄今为止规模最大的年度联合空中演习。

朝中社说，平壤把美韩军演视为美国对朝鲜发动出其不意和先发制人打击计划的一部分。

美国和韩国的军事演习开始一周前，朝鲜试射了一枚新型洲际弹道导弹。专家说导弹可以打到美国本土。朝鲜无视国际社会的制裁，进行了包括这枚洲际弹道导弹在内的一系列导弹试射以及核试验。

朝鲜担心国际制裁对人道援助的影响。

菲尔特曼是2010年以来访问朝鲜的最高级联合国官员。他星期六飞往北京。

North Korea and UN Agree to Communicate Regularly

North Korea and the United Nations have agreed to communicate regularly.

KCNA, North Korea's state run news service, said Saturday this latest development is a result of a senior U.N. official's recent visit to the isolated nation.

Jeffrey Feltman, the U.N.'s undersecretary general for political affairs, visited North Korea this week, holding meetings with Foreign Minister Ri Yoing Ho and Vice Minister Pak Myong Guk.

State media said Feltman's visit "contributed to deepening the understanding between the DPRK and the U.N. Secretariat."

Feltman's visit came right after the U.S. and South Korea launched their biggest-ever, annual joint air exercises.

KCNA said Pyongyang considers the joint drills part of a U.S. "scheme to make a surprisingly preemptive nuclear strike" on North Korea.

The U.S. and South Korean exercises, however, came a week after North Korea test-fired a powerful new intercontinental ballistic missile that experts say is capable of reaching the U.S. The new ICBM is one of several missile tests conducted by Pyongyang -- along with a series of nuclear tests -- in defiance of international sanctions.

North Korea is also concerned about the effects international sanctions have had on the delivery of humanitarian aid.

Feltman is the highest ranking U.N. official to visit North Korea since 2010. He flew to Beijing Saturday.

穆斯林世界抗议 矛头直指川普

美国承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都之后，穆斯林世界大批人星期五走上街头，抗议美国的决定。加沙地带的抗议活动中有一名巴勒斯坦男子丧生。

巴勒斯坦人宣布星期五为“愤怒日”，表示对美国的抗议，以色列和加沙交界地区发生冲突，以色列军人开枪打死了30岁的巴勒斯坦男子马斯利。

以色列军方证实在加沙地带南部向两人开枪，但是指称他们是“暴力骚乱的主要煽动者”。

以色列还对加沙地带发射的一枚火箭做出反应，出动战机攻击了加沙地带的哈马斯军事目标。巴勒斯坦人的卫生部门说，空袭造成至少15人受伤。

星期五在伊拉克、约旦、叙利亚、巴基斯坦、黎巴嫩、马来西亚和世界上穆斯林人口最多的印度尼西亚也发生了示威。

有20多个成员的阿拉伯联盟星期六将召开会议，争取达成统一立场。

美国总统川普星期三宣布耶路撒冷为以色列首都，美国计划把大使馆迁到那里。以色列将整个耶路撒冷视为国家首都。巴勒斯坦人争取将来建立独立国家时能以东耶路撒冷为首都。

Protesters Lash Out at Trump Across Muslim World

Large crowds of protesters across the Muslim world staged anti-U.S. marches Friday after the United States recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, with protests in Gaza leading to the death of one Palestinian man.

The Palestinian, Mahmoud al-Masri, 30, was killed by Israeli soldiers during clashes along the Israel-Gaza border after Palestinians called for a “Day of Rage” to protest the U.S. action.

The Israeli military confirmed that it shot two people in Khan Yunis in southern Gaza, accusing them of being "main instigators" of "violent riots."

Israeli warplanes also struck Hamas military targets in Gaza in response to a rocket fired from the area. The Palestinian health ministry said at least 15 people were injured in the strikes.

Demonstrations also took place Friday in Iraq, Jordan, Syria, Pakistan, Lebanon, Malaysia and Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim-majority country.

The Arab League, comprised of nearly two dozen countries, will meet Saturday in an effort to create a joint position on the matter.

U.S. President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel and the United States plans to move its embassy there. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital. The Palestinians want the eastern part of Jerusalem for its capital of a future independent state.