川普政府：伊朗落实了2015年核协议的内容

美国政府表示，再次证实伊朗落实了2015年核协议的内容。美国总统川普一直称这份协议是“谈判达成的最差劲的协议。”

美国政府高级官员星期一说，国务卿蒂勒森将向国会报告，根据美国目前掌握的信息，伊朗满足了核协议的要求。

根据法律，美国国务院每90天就要将伊朗遵守2015年核协议的情况向国会报告。

美国政府一位高级官员说，虽然伊朗在技术上满足了协议要求，但是“毫无疑问，没有彻底贯彻协议精神，”他补充说，川普政府今后将与盟国合作，更严格地执行协议。

这位不具名的高级官员说，白宫相信，伊朗依旧是最危险的政府之一，这样说的依据包括伊朗对恐怖主义的支持，对以色列持续的敌对态度，对美国发动的网络袭击，以及数不胜数侵犯人权的情况。

这位官员说：“这些活动严重削弱了协议的意向。”

美国政府另外一位高级官员说，川普政府正在设法弥补协议中的“多项缺陷”，并对前奥巴马政府对协议的执行提出批评。

白宫官员强调说，川普政府对伊朗核协议的立场还在审议当中。

Trump Administration Says Iran Is Complying With Nuclear Deal

The U.S. government says it is certifying once again that Iran has complied with the 2015 nuclear deal, an agreement that President Donald Trump has called "the worst deal ever negotiated."

Senior administration officials said Monday that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will advise Congress that Iran has met the conditions of the nuclear deal, based on information the United States currently has available.

Under U.S. law, the State Department must notify Congress every 90 days of Iran's compliance with the 2015 deal.

A senior administration official said that while Iran is technically meeting the terms of the agreement, it is "unquestionably in default of the spirit of the agreement," added that the Trump administration is working with its allies to more strictly enforce the deal going forward.

The senior official, speaking on background, said the White House believes Iran remains one of the most dangerous governments, and cited as evidence Tehran's support for terrorism, continuing hostility to Israel, cyberattacks against the United States and numerous human-rights abuses.

"These activities seriously undermine the intent of the agreement," the official said.

Another senior administration official said the Trump administration is working to address flaws in the agreement, of "which there are many," and criticized enforcement of the deal by the administration of former President Barack Obama.

White House officials emphasized that the administration's stance toward the nuclear deal remains under review.

IS成员家人遭报复 联合国伊拉克特使表关注

联合国的伊拉克特使库比斯说，摩苏尔被伊拉克部队解放后，据信跟伊斯兰国有关联的平民受到越来越多的报复性袭击，他对此十分担忧。

库比斯星期一告诉联合国安理会说，现在有一种“不断上涨的情绪，主张对被认为跟伊斯兰国有关的家庭进行集体惩罚”。

他说，被认为跟激进分子有关联的伊拉克人越来越多地面临“被赶出住房、没收住房等报复行为。”

库比斯敦促伊拉克总理阿巴迪采取“紧急措施”，制止这类袭击。库比斯说，在没有足够证据的情况下对平民采取这样的行动违反了伊拉克宪法和国际法规定的义务。

库比斯说，伊斯兰国激进分子的犯罪证据必须予以保留，用于支持对他们的起诉。

库比斯还警告安理会说，摩苏尔的未来“极具挑战”，伊拉克政府要将摩苏尔的军事胜利转变称社会稳定，还有很多工作要做。他强调说，确保法治。推动发展至关重要。

UN Envoy for Iraq Warns Against 'Collective Punishment' for IS Families

The United Nations envoy for Iraq says he is concerned about the rise of revenge attacks in Mosul against civilians believed to be linked to Islamic State militants following the liberation of the city.

Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council Monday that there is a "rising popular sentiment in favor of collective punishment of families perceived to be associated" with IS.

He said Iraqis who are seen as having ties to the militants are increasingly being subjected to "evictions, confiscations of homes, and other retribution and revenge measures."

Kubis urged Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to take "urgent steps" to stop the attacks, saying that actions taken against civilians without sufficient evidence violate Iraq's constitution and obligations under international law.

He said all evidence of crimes committed by Islamic State militants must be preserved to support possible prosecutions.

The envoy also warned the Security Council that the future in Mosul is "extremely challenging" and said the government will need to do a lot of work to turn its military victory in the city into stability. He stressed that securing the rule of law and promoting development will be essential.