美国女议员称受到性骚扰，但不愿说出骚扰者

美国国会一些女议员星期五告诉美联社说，她们曾经在数年甚至数十年前被男同事性骚扰。但是她们拒绝指认那些对性骚扰事件负责的男性。

众议员琳达·桑切斯对美联社说：“我30岁出头，还是国会一名非常新的成员，有一位资深的已婚议员向我求爱。尽管努力想一笑置之，不予理睬，但是还是再次被调戏。我因此躲着那名议员。”

桑切斯表示，另外一名男同事有一次盯着她，还触碰了她不该触碰的地方，但是却装作是意外。桑切斯拒绝说出这两名男性同事的名字，她说她不认为这样做会有什么好处。

桑切斯众议员说： “问题在于，作为一位议员，没有人力资源部这样的部门可以去投诉，没有人可以去诉说。归根结底，议员是他们的选民雇用的。”

另外一位国会众议员玛丽·波诺对美联社说，一位男同事告诉她，他洗澡的时候会想她。波诺表示，她勇敢面对了这名同事，他之后再也没有挑逗性的言论。

波诺说：“这是一个男性的世界，仍然是一个男性的世界。不要卖弄风骚，不要做一个泼妇。这是我的信条，行为举止一定要谨慎。”

她拒绝说出那名同事的名字，但表示他仍然在国会担任议员。

前美国众议员希尔达·索利斯表示，她受到了美联社报道所称的一名男同事“一再令人厌恶地做出骚扰性质的示意”。她也拒绝说出这名同事的名字或者那些示意的细节。

索利斯说，“那是很丢人的事情。就算他们可能觉得自己那样很好玩。不，那并不好玩，不适当。我是你的同事，但是他却不那样看待我，这就产生了问题。”

Female US Lawmakers Claim Sexual Harassment, Decline to Name Harassers

A number of female members of Congress told the Associated Press on Friday that they had been sexually harassed by male colleagues in incidents that occurred years or even decades ago. They declined to identify the men responsible.

"When I was a very new member of Congress in my early 30s, there was a more senior member who outright propositioned me, who was married, and despite trying to laugh it off and brush it aside, it would repeat. And I would avoid that member," Rep. Linda Sanchez told the news organization.
Sanchez said a different male colleague stared at her once and, she said, touched her inappropriately, but tried to make it appear accidental. Sanchez refused to name either man because she said she doesn't "think it would be helpful."

"The problem is, as a member there's no HR (human resources) department you can go to, there's nobody you can turn to. Ultimately they're employed by their constituents," she said.

Another congresswoman, Mary Bono, told the AP a male colleague told her he'd been thinking about her in the shower. Bono said she confronted the colleague and he didn't make any more suggestive comments.

"It is a man's world, it's still a man's world," Bono said. "Not being a flirt and not being a bitch. That was my rule, to try to walk that fine line."

She declined to name the colleague, but said he is still serving in Congress.

Former Rep. Hilda Solis said she received from a male colleague what the AP referred to as "repeated unwanted harassing overtures." She, too, declined to name the colleague or detail exactly what those overtures included.

"It's humiliating, even though they may have thought they were being cute. No, it's not. It's not appropriate. I'm your colleague, but he doesn't see me that way, and that's a problem," Solis said.

在尼日尔被杀美军士兵军装被剥血迹斑斑

一名自称发现了上个月在尼日尔被杀的四名美军士兵当中的三具尸体的尼日尔男子表示，那些尸体血迹斑斑，军服被剥。

阿达姆·布巴卡尔对美国之音非洲法语组表示，10月4日美国特种部队在尼日尔西部村庄汤戈汤戈与伏击他们的圣战激进分子交战后，他是第一个发现这些美军士兵遗体的。

布巴卡尔是汤戈汤戈的居民，他表示他当时正在附近的地里寻找他的妻子和孩子。

布巴卡尔对美国之音《非洲》节目说：“我出了村子的时候看到三名美军白人士兵的遗体。有大量的血迹，你简直无法想象那个场景。”

他说，他在一辆车里找到了两名士兵遗体，在地上找到另外一人的遗体。

当被问及这些美军士兵是否穿戴战斗装备的时候，布巴卡尔表示，其中一人全身赤裸，另外两人只穿着内衣。他说，他们的武器和装备都被拿走了。

美国之音星期五要求五角大楼证实这些细节。五角大楼一位发言人对美国之音表示，正在进行调查，在得到所有事实之前不会就此发表评论。

美国军方已经证实，10月4日在一起被发现的三名士兵分别是：现年29岁的陆军参谋军士达斯汀·莱特、现年35岁的陆军参谋军士布莱恩·布莱克以及现年39岁的陆军参谋军士杰里米·约翰逊。

布巴卡尔说，第四位美国军人、25岁的陆军中士戴维·约翰逊的遗体是两天之后被一些孩子发现的。他说：“他的遗体被找到的地方距离袭击发生地点至少有两公里远”。

Bodies of US Soldiers Killed in Niger Were Found Bloodied, Stripped

A Nigerien man who says he found three of the four U.S. soldiers killed in Niger last month says the bodies were bloodied and stripped of their uniforms.

Adamou Boubacar told VOA's French to Africa service that he was the first to discover the bodies after the October 4 battle between U.S. special forces and the jihadist militants who ambushed them in the western Nigerien village of Tongo Tongo.

Boubacar, a resident of Tongo Tongo, said he was searching for his wife and children in nearby fields.

"When I came out of the village, I saw the bodies of the three white American soldiers. There was a lot of blood; you cannot imagine," he told the VOA Afrique program.

He says he found two soldiers in a vehicle and the other on the ground.

Asked whether the American soldiers were wearing their combat gear, Boubacar said one was naked and the others were in their underwear. He said all their weapons and equipment had been taken.

VOA asked the Pentagon on Friday to confirm the details. A Pentagon spokeswoman told VOA that an investigation is under way and that there would be no comment until all the facts have been gathered.

The U.S. military has identified the three soldiers found together on October 4 as Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright, 29, Staff Sgt. Bryan Black, 35, and Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson, 39.

As for the fourth American soldier — Sgt. La David Johnson, 25, who was found two days later — Boubacar said it was children who discovered his body. "There must be at least two kilometers between where his body was found and the place where the attack took place," he said.