皮涅拉再次当选智利总统

保守派富豪皮涅拉星期天在智利总统决选中轻松获胜，再次当选智利总统。

智利选举机构说，在对98%的选票统计后，皮涅拉的得票率为55%。皮涅拉曾在2010年至2014年担任智利总统。

皮涅拉的竞选对手吉耶承认败选，他的得票率为45%。

皮涅拉的当选标志智利向右转。智利现任总统巴切莱特来自左翼政党，她支持吉耶。

皮涅拉将于明年3月就职，任期四年。智利是全球最大的铜出产国。

皮涅拉提出给企业减税以提振增长。他还承诺启动四年耗资140亿美元的支出计划，包括对基础设施的新增投资。

Former President Pinera Re-elected in Chile

Conservative billionaire Sebastian Pinera has easily won another shot at the Chilean presidency in Sunday's runoff elections.

Electoral authorities said Pinera, who was president from 2010 to 2014, had 55 percent of the vote, with 98 percent of ballots counted.

His rival, center-left Sen. Alejandro Guillier, conceded his own "tough defeat" after receiving 45 percent.

It is a marked move to the right for the country, which is currently led by socialist President Michelle Bachelet. She had backed Guillier.

Pinera will lead the South American nation — the world's top copper producer — for four years starting in March.

He has proposed slashing taxes on businesses in an effort to revive growth, and has vowed to launch a $14 billion, four-year spending plan that includes fresh investments in infrastructure.

亚特兰大国际机场供电恢复

美国亚特兰大国际机场的供电已经恢复。亚特兰大机场星期天突发停电，导致这个繁忙的航空交通枢纽全部进出港航班受到影响。

乔治亚电力公司(George Power)表示，停电与失火导致给机场供电的地下输电设施和电路严重受损有关。

亚特兰大哈茨菲尔德-杰克逊机场停电长达约10小时后，乔治亚电力公司表示，公司员工已经恢复了机场的全部基本供电，包括机场候机楼和航班运转的供电。

总部设在亚特兰大的达美航空星期天取消了900个航班后，又取消了星期一的300个航班。

亚特兰大机场是世界上最繁忙的机场之一，每天有2500个进出港航班，日平均运送旅客人数超过25万。

Power Restored after Outage Disrupted Atlanta

Power has been restored at the international airport in the southern U.S. city of Atlanta, after an outage Sunday disrupted all flights in and out of the busy hub.

Georgia Power said it believed the problems were linked to a fire that caused extensive damage to one of its underground electrical facilities as well as circuit cables that served the airport.

Hartsfield-Jackson Airport was without power for about 10 hours before crews restored power for what Georgia Power called "all essential" services, including concourses and flight operations.

Delta Airlines has its headquarters in Atlanta and canceled about 900 flights on Sunday and another 300 on Monday.

The airport is one of the busiest in the world, with more than 2,500 daily arrivals and departures, bringing more than 250,000 passengers through the airport on an average day.