美国否认向朝鲜宣战

美国说，没有向朝鲜宣战。

白宫新闻发言人桑德斯星期一告诉记者说，“我们并没有对朝鲜宣战，坦率讲，这种说法简直荒谬。”

就在几个小时前，朝鲜外务相李勇浩在联合国总部附近提到美国总统川普的推特时，表述了开战的说法。川普此前在推特上评论说，如果朝鲜把威胁落实在行动上的话，朝鲜政权就“不会再存在很久了”。

李勇浩告诉记者说：“鉴于这番话出自美国总统之口，这明显是在宣战。”

李勇浩补充说，联合国和全世界都要清楚地记住，是美国先对我们宣战的。

李勇浩警告说，朝鲜可能会击落美国的战略轰炸机，即便它们没有进入朝鲜领空。据韩国联合通讯社星期二的报道，韩国国会下属的情报委员会说，发现平壤调整了东海岸战斗机的位置，加强了防御能力。

美国国家安全顾问麦克马斯特在星期一的一次安全会议上说，美国希望避免与朝鲜的战争，“但是我们不能无视这种可能性。”

US Denies Pyongyang’s Claim It’s at War with North Korea

The United States says it is not at war with Pyongyang.

"We've not declared war on North Korea," White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters on Monday. “Frankly, the suggestion is absurd.”

Hours earlier, near United Nations headquarters, the North Korean foreign minister made that precise suggestion, referring to President Donald Trump’s comment on Twitter that Pyongyang’s regime “won't be around much longer” if the North carry out its threats.

Speaking to reporters, Ri Yong Ho said, “given the fact that this comes from someone who is currently holding the seat of United States presidency, this is clearly a declaration of war."

The foreign minister added that the United Nations and the whole world should clearly remember that it was the U.S. who first declared war on our country."

Ri warned that his country might shoot down U.S. strategic bombers, even if they are not in North Korean airspace. According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency Tuesday, Lee Cheol-woo, the chief of the National Assembly's intelligence committee, said that Pyongyang was spotted readjusting the position of its warplanes and boosting its defensive capabilities along its east coast.

Speaking at a security conference on Monday, National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster said the United States hopes to avoid war with North Korea “but what we can’t do is discount that possibility.”

川普：橄榄球员抗议国歌跟种族无关

美国总统川普星期一表示，美国职业橄榄球员奏国歌时拒绝起立“跟种族无关”。此前，很多球员表示，他们这样做是为了抗议美国的种族歧视和警察对少数族裔的暴力执法。

在星期天14场橄榄球赛开赛前，数以百计的球员、教练和球队老板无视川普的批评，在国歌星条旗永不落奏响时，不是按传统习惯笔直站立，把手放在胸口，以示对国旗和国家的支持，而是要么坐着，要么单膝跪地，相互挽着胳膊。

这些奏国歌时拒绝站立以示抗议的球员大多是黑人。川普近日来要求美国全国橄榄球联盟 (NFL)的球队老板炒这些球员的鱿鱼，并建议球迷们抵制球赛。

川普在推特上发表评论说：“奏国歌时单膝跪地跟种族无关，而是关乎对我们的国家，对我们的国旗，对我们的国歌的尊重。NFL必须予以尊重。”

川普补充说：“昨天单膝跪地的只是少数人，很多人向他们喝倒彩，这些球迷要的是对国旗的尊重。”

然而，很多NFL球队老板都发表声明支持球员的抗议，不理会川普要炒他们鱿鱼的呼吁，其中至少有两个球队的老板曾各自向川普一月份的总统就职典礼捐赠了100万美元。有些球队老板还亲自下场，跟抗议球员手臂挽着手臂。

白宫女发言人桑德斯说，川普总统相信“支持国家骄傲非常重要。我知道，捍卫国旗，捍卫国歌，当然还有支持我们的军人，对于总统来说都是重中之重。”

Trump Contends Race Not a Factor in Football Players' Anthem Protest

U.S. President Donald Trump contended Monday that professional football players' refusal to stand for the country's national anthem has "nothing to do with race," even though many of the athletes themselves said it was meant to protest racism and police brutality against minorities in the United States.

Hundreds of players, coaches and team owners defied Trump on Sunday by sitting, kneeling and locking arms as the "Star Spangled Banner" was played before the start of 14 games, rather than displaying the traditional hand-over-heart support for the flag and country.

In recent days, Trump had called on National Football League owners to fire the players, most of them black, who refused to stand for the playing of the national anthem, a tradition at many professional athletic events in the U.S., and suggested fans boycott the widely popular NFL games, a fixture of fall Sundays in the country.

"The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race," Trump said in a Twitter comment. "It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!"

The U.S. leader added, "Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!"

Numerous NFL team owners, at least two of whom had contributed $1 million apiece to Trump's inaugural celebration in January, issued statements in support of the players' protest, not Trump's call to fire them, and some linked arms with their players on the field while the anthem was played.

White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump believes it is important to "support national pride in our country.... I know it's a priority for the president to always defend our flag, always defend the national anthem and certainly to support the men and women in uniform."