川普宣布 美国退出TPP协议

美国总统川普星期一让美国退出了12国《跨太平洋伙伴关系协定》(TPP)。本星期是川普政府开始执政的第一个星期。川普在白宫表示，退出TPP“ 对美国工人是一件大好事。”

川普还像过去历任共和党总统那样签署命令，再次禁止政府向提供堕胎或提供有关堕胎信息的国际组织提供资金。此外，川普还兑现竞选承诺，下令冻结了许多政府机构的招聘，以减少政府开支和控制政府膨胀。

《跨太平洋伙伴关系协定》是奥巴马政府从2009年开始谈判的，但是美国国会一直没有批准，许多国会议员反对这项协定或持怀疑态度。协定的签署国还有日本、澳大利亚、新西兰、马拉西亚、智利、加拿大、墨西哥和另外四个国家。

白宫发言人斯派塞说，川普“曾经多次表示这类的多国协定不符合美国利益，他正在迅速推动能够增强美国工人和制造业竞争力的贸易政策。”

斯派塞说，川普总统将与世界各国进行双边贸易协定谈判。

《跨太平洋合作伙伴贸易协定》本将成为历史上最大的区域贸易协定，覆盖近40%的世界经济和约三分之一的国际贸易。中国没有参与谈判，但中国似乎已准备好利用目前的真空，与本应参与12个国《跨太平洋合作伙伴贸易协定》的东南亚国家制定自己的贸易协定。

奥巴马去年在推动《跨太平洋合作伙伴贸易协定》时曾说：“我们不能让中国这样的国家制定全球经济的规则，制定规则的应该是我们。”

Trump Withdraws US from 12-Nation Pacific Rim Trade Deal

President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the 12-nation Pacific Rim trade deal on Monday as he started his first full week in office. At the White House, Trump called it a "great thing for the American worker - what we just did.”

The new president, as past Republican chief executives have done, also signed an order reinstating a ban on providing government funds to international groups that perform abortions or provide information about the procedure. In addition, Trump, honoring a campaign pledge, froze hiring for many federal agencies as a way to reduce the cost of government and rein in its growth.

The trade deal, known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership, had been negotiated since 2009 during former President Barack Obama's White House tenure, but the U.S. Congress never ratified it, with numerous lawmakers opposed to or skeptical of the deal. It would have covered trade with Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Chile, Canada, Mexico and four other countries.

White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters that as Trump "has said many times, this type of multinational agreement is not in our best interest, and he’s moving quickly to advance trade policies that increase the competitiveness of the American worker and manufacturer."

Spicer said the new president would pursue bilateral trade agreements with individual countries throughout the world.

The TPP would have been the biggest regional trade deal in history, covering nearly 40 percent of the world's economy and about a third of world trade. China didn't take part in the talks, but appears ready to step into the vacuum and create its own deals with Southeast Asian countries that would have been part of the 12-nation agreement.

In advocating for the deal, Obama said last year, "We can't let countries like China write the rules of the global economy. We should write those rules."

叙利亚和谈第一天没有突破

叙利亚政府与反政府力量星期二继续在哈萨克斯坦进行和平谈判。有关官员说，星期一的第一天谈判没有出现重大突破。

有关官员说，双方在阿斯塔纳进行的谈判中没有直接对话，而是通过调停人员间接沟通。这次和谈得到了俄罗斯和土耳其的支持。

谈判的重点是巩固由俄罗斯、伊朗和土耳其去年12月斡旋达成的全国停火，这次的停火基本上得到了遵守。

以往的和谈，包括一年前的谈判，对于结束这场2011年3月开始的冲突没有多少进展。

No Breakthrough in Day One of Syria Peace Talks

Peace talks between the Syrian government and rebels groups continue Tuesday in Kazakhstan, after an opening day in which officials said there was no major breakthrough.

The officials said the talks in Astana, backed by Russia and Turkey, did not feature direct negotiations, but rather the two sides communicated indirectly through mediators.

The negotiations are focusing on cementing a nationwide cease-fire mediated by Russia, Iran and Turkey in December – a truce that has largely held.

Prior Syrian peace talks, including the last negotiations a year ago, made little progress in bringing an end to the conflict that began in March 2011.