蒂勒森与安理会商讨如何向朝鲜施压

美国国务卿蒂勒森星期五和联合国安理会成员国一起讨论如何向朝鲜施加“最大压力”，迫使其放弃核计划。蒂勒森几天前表示愿意与平壤开始对话，不预设任何条件。

蒂勒森国务卿星期五还将会见联合国秘书长古特雷斯。

古特雷斯星期四访问东京与安倍首相会谈时，主要议题之一是朝鲜问题。

古特雷斯强调说，所有国家都应该实施联合国安理会针对朝鲜的核武器及导弹项目通过的制裁决议。

Tillerson Discussed Pressures on North Korea with UN Security Council

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will join members of the United Nations Security Council on Friday to discuss putting "maximum pressure" on North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program just days after expressed a willingness to begin talks with Pyongyang, without preconditions.

Tillerson will also meet with U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres on Friday.

North Korea was high on the agenda in the meeting between Guterres, who was visiting Tokyo on Thursday, with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.

Guterres reiterated United Nations Security Council resolutions on sanctions against North Korea's nuclear and missile programs needed to be fully implemented by all countries.

美国暂停向索马里军队提供援助

美国政府官员星期四向美国之音证实，鉴于对腐败的担忧，美国暂停向索马里军方提供的大多数援助。

暂停援助是由于索马里军方一再不能通报食品、燃料和武器等援助物资的下落。

美国国务院一位官员说，暂停援助是为了确保美国的援助能得到有效使用，并服务于既定目标。

这位官员说，与索马里青年党积极作战并得到美国或第三方提供顾问支持的索马里保安部队将继续得到适当的帮助。

她还说，索马里政府同意制定符合美国标准的新问责标准，增加透明度，以便其他索马里机构继续得到美国帮助。

路透社获得文件显示，尽管美国提供数亿美元的支持，但是索马里军队始终未能向军人提供所需的食物、薪金或装备。

路透社报道，一个美国和索马里联合小组今年5月到6月对9个索马里军事基地进行了评估，在其中7个基地没有发现任何迹象能证明食品援助送抵基地或送到军人手中。

US Suspends Aid to Somali Military

The United States is suspending aid for much of Somalia’s armed forces over corruption concerns, U.S. officials confirmed to VOA on Thursday.

The suspension reflects the Somali military's repeated inability to account for aid items such as food, fuel and weapons.

A State Department official said the "pause" in aid is being made "to ensure that U.S. assistance is being used effectively and for its intended purpose."

Somali security force members who are actively fighting al-Shabab and receiving some form of mentorship from either the U.S. or a third party will continue to receive appropriate assistance, the official said.

She added that the Somali government has agreed to develop new accountability criteria that meet American standards, in order for other Somali units to receive U.S. assistance in a way that "builds greater transparency."

According to documents obtained by Reuters news agency, the Somali military has been unable to properly feed, pay or equip its soldiers, despite hundreds of millions of dollars of American support.

A U.S. and Somali team sent to assess nine Somali army bases between May and June of this year found that all but two of the bases showed no evidence that food aid had arrived or been consumed by the soldiers, Reuters reported.