土耳其确认夜总会袭击凶手

土耳其外交部长恰武什奥卢星期三说，有关当局已经确认了新年在伊斯坦布尔夜总会开枪打死39人的枪手。

恰武什奥卢在接受土耳其官媒阿纳多卢通讯社采访时宣布了这个消息，但是他没有透露枪手的名字。

土耳其媒体星期二播放了一段夜总会袭击嫌疑人的录像。录像显示一名男子在伊斯坦布尔的塔克西姆广场走动。目前还不清楚这段录像拍摄的具体时间。土耳其当局早些时候公布了从监控录像截取的这名嫌疑人的模糊画面。

阿纳多卢通讯社星期三还报道说，当局还逮捕了5名和袭击有关的人。他们被怀疑是伊斯兰国极端组织成员。

Turkey Identified Istanbul Nightclub Shooter

Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Wednesday authorities have identified the gunman who killed 39 people in a New Year's attack at a nightclub in Istanbul.

Cavusoglu made the announcement during an interview with the state-run Anadolu news agency, but did not give the attacker's name.

Turkish media broadcast video Tuesday of a man they said was the suspected gunman walking around Istanbul's Taksim square. It was unclear when the video was recorded. Authorities had earlier released a grainy image of the suspected shooter taken from security camera footage.

Anadolu also reported Wednesday authorities had detained five more people in connection with the attack. The five were suspected to be members of the Islamic State group.

土耳其警告：违反停火协议可能威胁叙利亚和谈

土耳其警告说，在叙利亚违反停火协议的情况可能危及计划本月晚些时候举行的和谈。

在冲突中支持敌对双方的俄罗斯和土耳其通过斡旋，上星期达成了停火。两国正在继续努力，争取在哈萨克斯坦首都阿斯塔纳举行和平谈判。

土耳其外长恰武什奥卢星期三对国营的阿纳多卢通讯社说：“如果我们不能制止正在不断增加的违反停火的事件，在阿斯塔纳的和谈进程就可能失败。”

恰武什奥卢指责包括黎巴嫩真主党激进组织在内的亲政府武装人员违反停火协议。他还说，俄罗斯官员下星期将访问土耳其，讨论和平谈判的框架。

叙利亚主要的反政府组织称，叙利亚政府违反停火协议，因此决定暂不参加和平谈判。

Turkey Warns Cease-fire Violations Threaten Syria Peace Talks

Turkey is warning that violations of the cease-fire in Syria could jeopardize peace talks planned for later this month.

Russia and Turkey, which support opposing sides in the conflict, brokered the nationwide halt in fighting last week, building on their efforts to arrange the peace negotiations to be held in Astana, Kazakhstan.

"If we cannot stop the increasing violations, the Astana process could fail," Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told the state-run Anadolu news agency Wednesday.

He blamed pro-government fighters, including the Lebanon-based Hezbollah militant group, for violating the cease-fire. Cavusoglu also said Russian officials were due to visit Turkey next week to discuss the framework for the peace talks.

Syria's main rebel groups have cited government violations of the truce in their decision to suspend participation in the peace talks process.