黑利：美国承诺与欧洲盟国的合作

美国驻联合国大使黑利周二表示，美国致力于与欧洲盟国合作，尽管偶尔有分歧。

黑利还称北约是“历史上最强的联盟”，并说，美国正在努力使该组织“更加有效”。

黑利的言论与周一副总统彭斯所说的一样，当时彭斯告诉北约秘书长斯托尔滕贝格，美国致力于与北约盟国的合作，但其他国家也需要更均衡地分担防御财政负担。

黑利说，她相信美国可以与俄罗斯有更好的关系，但与俄罗斯更大的合作“不能以牺牲我们的欧洲朋友和盟友为代价。”

她说：“这就是为什么我们继续敦促俄罗斯兑现其对和平的承诺，充分执行明斯克协定下的承诺，结束对克里米亚的占领。美国和欧盟在都坚持这种理念，继续实行制裁，直到莫斯科完全兑现其明斯克承诺。

根据2015年明斯克协议，乌克兰，俄罗斯和俄罗斯支持的分离主义者同意结束乌克兰的危机，从撤出重武器开始。

Haley: US Committed to European Allies

U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Tuesday the United States is committed to working with European allies, despite occasional disagreements.

She also called NATO the “strongest alliance in history,” and said the U.S. is working to make the organization “even more effective.”

Her comments echo those made by Vice President Mike Pence on Monday, when he told NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg the U.S. is committed to its NATO allies, but other countries also need to share the fiscal burden of defense more evenly.

Haley said she believes the U.S. can have a better relationship with Russia, but greater cooperation with Russia “can’t come at the expense of our European friends and allies.”

“That is why we continue to urge Russia to show a commitment to peace by fully implementing the commitments under the Minsk agreements and ending its occupation of Crimea,” she said. “The United States and the EU remain united in this approach, keeping sanctions in place until Moscow fully honors its Minsk commitments.”

Under the 2015 Minsk agreement, Ukraine, Russia and Russia-backed separatists agreed to end the crisis in Ukraine, beginning with the withdrawal of heavy weapons.

香港前特首因腐败罪名被判刑

香港一家法院以公职人员行为失当罪判处前特首曾荫权监禁20个月。

现年72岁的曾荫权上周被定罪，获罪的原因是未披露向一家通信公司的主要投资者租赁豪华公寓的谈判。该公司当时正在寻求政府发放的数字广播许可证。

此案法官陈庆伟(Andrew Chan)周三上午判决时表示，“在我的司法生涯中，从来没有看见一个人从这样的高位跌落。”

这项定罪使曾荫权漫长的、甚至可算是卓越的公职生涯蒙污。曾荫权从2005年到2012年担任香港特首。他是香港历史上被定罪的最高级官员。他9月份还面临另一起贿赂案的重审。之前陪审员们未能就此案达成一致决定。

香港一直有廉政的美名，但近年来的一系列公共腐败案件给香港带来震撼。

Ex-Hong Kong Leader Sentenced on Corruption Charges

A Hong Kong court has sentenced Donald Tsang, the Chinese territory's former chief executive, to 20 months in prison on charges of official misconduct.

The 72-year-old Tsang was found guilty last week for failing to disclose his negotiations to lease a luxury apartment from a major investor in a communications company seeking a digital broadcasting license from the government.

"Never in my judicial career have I seen a man fallen from such a height," said High Court judge Andrew Chan when he delivered Tsang's sentence Wednesday.

The conviction sullies a long and otherwise distinguished public service career for Tsang, who led Hong Kong from 2005 to 2012. He is the highest-ranking official to be convicted of a crime in Hong Kong history. He faces a retrial in September on a separate bribery charge; jurors failed to reach a unanimous decision in that case.

The territory, with a reputation of clean governance, has been shaken over a string of public corruption cases in recent years.