川普促最高法院尽快裁定恢复旅行禁令

美国总统川普星期一晚间通过推特，再次要求对来自他所称“危险国家”的人实施旅行禁令。川普同时抨击了他所认为的“政治正确”的努力，这种努力的目的是要弱化他最初签署的禁止来自一些穆斯林占多数国家的民众进入美国的行政令。

川普总统推文说，“对，我们需要对某些危险国家实施旅行禁令，而不是一些无助于我们保护本国民众的政治正确的措辞”。

星期一早些时候川普还曾发推，对最初旅行禁令遭到法院质疑后司法部提出的经过弱化的政治正确版本提出批评。

川普总统的第一份行政令禁止来自伊拉克、伊朗、叙利亚、利比亚、也门、索马里和苏丹的公民入境美国90天，并无限期禁止接收来自叙利亚的难民，同时给予宗教少数族裔一些例外。修改后的行政令去掉了伊拉克，将禁止叙利亚难民入境的时间改为120天，并取消了宗教例外照顾。

好几家联邦法院都裁定，有关部门不得执行这份政令，认为这是对穆斯林的宗教歧视，是违反宪法精神的，有的法官还将川普在竞选和就职前发表的评论作为佐证。

Trump Urges Quick Supreme Court Ruling to Reinstate Travel Ban

U.S. President Donald Trump used Twitter late Monday to again call for a travel ban from what he called "dangerous countries" while criticizing what he sees as "politically correct" efforts to soften his original executive order to block entry to people from a group of majority-Muslim countries.

"That's right, we need a travel ban for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!" Trump wrote.

That followed tweets earlier Monday on the same topic blaming the Justice Department for a "watered down" version of the ban that Trump signed after his original order was challenged in court.

The first executive order banned entry to people from Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, Yemen, Somalia and Sudan for 90 days and indefinitely banned refugees from Syria, while giving exceptions to religious minorities. The revised order dropped Iraq from the list, changed the Syrian refugee ban to 120 days and removed the religious exception.

Multiple federal courts have barred authorities from enforcing the order, saying it amounts to unconstitutional religious discrimination against Muslim, with judges citing as part of their reasoning comments Trump made when he was a candidate for president and before he took office.

穆斯林领导人保证与伦敦警方全力合作

英国警察已经确认了实施星期六恐怖袭击的三名袭击者当中两人的身份。那次在伦敦桥附近的恐袭事件造成7人丧生。

27岁的库拉姆·沙扎德·博特和30岁的拉希德·瑞多安都住在伦敦东区的巴尔金地区。

当地居民告诉美国之音，他们对恐怖分子就住在自己身边感到震惊。很多人对这些恐怖分子能够顺利作案得手，而情报机构和当地穆斯林社区却毫无察觉感到担忧。

博特曾经在当地的贾比尔·本扎伊德清真寺礼拜，但是据报，他与清真寺伊玛目就他的极端观点发生对峙后，被赶出了清真寺。

穆斯林领导人表示，伦敦的伊斯兰教会团结一致，谴责这次恐怖袭击事件。

有关当局正在调查该社区是否有其他人知道或者帮助掩盖了这些凶手的极端主义思想。穆斯林领袖否认与这些恐怖分子有牵连，并坚称他们正在与警方全力合作。

Muslim leaders pledge to cooperate fully with London police

British police have identified two of the three men who carried out Saturday's terror attack close to London Bridge that killed seven people.

Twenty-seven-year-old Khuram Shazad Butt and 30-year-old Rachid Redouane both lived in the East London district of Barking.

Local residents told VOA of their shock that the terrorists lived in the community. Many voiced concerns that they were able to operate undetected by both intelligence services and the local Muslim community.

Butt once worshipped at the local Jabir Bin Zayd mosque, but was reportedly thrown out after a confrontation with the imam over Butt's extremist views.

Muslim leaders say the mosques are united in their condemnation of the attack.

Authorities are investigating whether others in the community knew of or helped conceal their extremism. Muslim leaders reject any link with the terrorists and insist they are cooperating fully with police.