路透：美国秘密外交尝试与朝鲜直接对话

路透社报道，尽管川普总统与平壤持续恶语相加，美国正在秘密寻求与朝鲜的直接外交接触。

路透社在星期三公布的独家报道中表示，一名不愿透露姓名的美国国务院官员透露，美国对朝政策特别代表尹汝尚一直在与朝鲜驻联合国特派团的外交官保持联系，利用外交行业中人们所知的 “纽约渠道”。

川普总统曾公开誓言，如果朝鲜政权继续发展核武器和弹道导弹计划，就将摧毁朝鲜。平壤今年进行了第六次，也是最强大的一次核爆试验，并试射了几枚导弹，其中一枚被认为是洲际弹道导弹，这种导弹如果技术完备了，理论上可以到达美国大陆。

美国国务卿蒂勒森上个月表示，华盛顿正在与平壤寻求外交接触时，川普在推特上劝蒂勒森停止“浪费时间尝试与‘小火箭人’进行谈判 ”。“小火箭人”是他嘲讽朝鲜年轻领导人金正恩的称号。

Reuters: US Engaging in Secret Diplomatic Overtures to North Korea

Reuters news agency says the United States is pursuing direct diplomacy behind the scenes with North Korea, despite the ongoing war of words between President Donald Trump and Pyongyang.

In an exclusive story published Wednesday, Reuters says it has learned from an unnamed State Department official that Joseph Yun, the U.S. special envoy to North Korea, has been speaking with diplomats stationed at the North's United Nations mission, utilizing what is known in the diplomatic trade as "the New York channel."

President Trump has openly vowed to destroy North Korea if the regime continues to develop its nuclear and ballistic missile weapons programs. Pyongyang this year conducted it sixth and most powerful nuclear detonation and has test fired a number of missiles, including a purported intercontinental ballistic missile that, if perfected, could theoretically reach the U.S. mainland.

When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last month that Washington was seeking a diplomatic opening with Pyongyang, Trump went on Twitter and urged Tillerson to stop "wasting his time trying to negotiate with 'Little Rocket Man' "-- the derisive nickname he has bestowed on the young leader.
美国预计在联合国停止对古巴禁运决议上投反对票

联合国大会星期三晚间将就敦促美国停止对古巴的经济禁运举行投票，美国预计将投反对票。

美国前总统奥巴马曾寻求与哈瓦那建立正常化的关系。在去年联合国一次类似的投票中，美国首次投了弃权。尽管川普政府仍计划与古巴保持接触并把美国利益放在首位，川普政府已然废除了奥巴马时代在与古巴改善关系上取得的一些进展。

美国国务院发言人努尔特星期二表示：“古巴长时间侵犯人权，可能过去的美国政府选择视而不见。”古巴还没有就联合国星期三投票一事发表评论。

联合国大会决议案并没有约束力。但是联合国代表每年都以压倒性的多数票敦促美国国会废除针对古巴持续57年的禁运。去年联大以191比0的票数通过了决议案，美国和以色列投了弃权票。

今年早些时候美国驻古巴的24名外交官和工作人员因神秘的噪音攻击而身体受损，有人出现听力退化、头痛和头晕等情况。川普总统认为古巴应对此负责。

美国驱逐了15名古巴驻美外交官以示报复。川普没有明确说谁应该对此事负责，美国调查人员也尚不清楚这些状况是由什么人或什么事物导致的。

古巴的调查人员表示，所谓有人在这些美国外交官的住所外放置了噪音设备的指控是“科幻小说”。

US to Vote 'No" on UN Resolution Condemning Economic Embargo on Cuba

The United States is expected to vote "no" when the U.N. General Assembly considers a resolution later Wednesday calling for an end to the U.S. economic embargo against Cuba.

In a similar vote last year, the U.S. abstained for the first time as former President Barack Obama sought to normalize ties with Havana. While the Trump administration still plans to remain engaged with Cuba and champion U.S. interests, it has rolled back some of the progress made under Obama.

"For far too long, Cuba has engaged in human rights abuses that perhaps past administrations have turned and looked the other way," State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Tuesday. There has been no comment yet from Cuba on Wednesday's pending vote.

U.N. General Assembly resolutions are nonbinding. But the delegates overwhelmingly vote every year in favor of urging the U.S. Congress to lift the 57 year-old embargo against Cuba. The resolution passed 191 to nothing last year, with the U.S. and Israel abstaining.

President Donald Trump has blamed Cuba for the mysterious sonic attacks that injured 24 U.S. diplomats and others in Havana earlier this year. The Americans suffered hearing loss, headaches, and dizziness.

Fifteen Cuban diplomats were expelled from Washington in retaliation. Trump did not specifically say who he thinks is responsible and U.S. investigators still do not know exactly who and what caused the injuries.

Cuban investigators say allegations that someone placed a sonic device outside the diplomats' homes in Havana are "science fiction."