阿联酋证实5名外交官死于阿富汗袭击

阿联酋证实，其5名外交官星期二死于阿富汗南部城市坎大哈的一次炸弹袭击事件。

爆炸总共至少炸死11人，另有16人受伤，其中大部分是阿富汗政府高级官员。伤者包括省长阿齐兹和阿联酋驻喀布尔大使卡阿比。

阿联酋外交部星期二表示，其大使前往坎大哈执行人道主义使命，旨在帮助阿富汗孤儿以及宣布奖学金计划。

塔利班反政府组织否认与这次事件有关，称并未安置炸弹，而是指责“内部地方敌对势力”对袭击负责。

UAE Confirms Killing of 5 Diplomats in Afghan Attack

The United Arab Emirates has confirmed the killing of five of its diplomats in Tuesday’s bomb attack in Afghanistan's southern city of Kandahar.

The blast killed a total of at least 11 people and wounded 16 others, mostly top Afghan government officials. Provincial governor Homayun Azizi and UAE ambassador to Kabul, Juma Mohammed Abdullah al-Kaabi, were among those wounded.

The UAE foreign ministry said Tuesday that its ambassador traveled to Kandahar on a humanitarian mission aimed at helping Afghan orphans and announcing scholarships.

The Taliban insurgency has denied involvement, saying it did not plant the bomb and instead blamed an "internal local rivalry" for the attack.

音乐串流公司Spotify愿招聘奥巴马

美国总统奥巴马曾笑谈希望在退任之后给音乐串流公司工作，这回Spotify公司开启了一个职位，一个给奥巴马量身定做的职位。

这个“曲单总裁”职位的要求包括“至少八年治理一个大国的经验”和“曾经获得诺贝尔和平奖”。

职位介绍中表示：“你要熟悉Spotify的平台，曾经在联邦层面制定曲单。比如说一个特别的夏日歌曲单，或者是一个‘找到出生证啦’曲目清单。”

如果这还不够清楚的话， Spotify的首席执行官和创始人丹尼尔·艾科还在自己的推特上把这份工作直接推荐给了奥巴马。

前瑞典驻美国大使马克布里辛斯基的妻子娜塔莉亚·马克布里辛斯基说，奥巴马上周在白宫告诉她丈夫说“我可还在等Spotify的招聘，你们肯定会喜欢我的音乐播放单”。

去年八月，白宫曾发布总统亲自编排的白天和晚上两份音乐播放清单。

Spotify Offers to be Obama's Next Employer

After joking about working for the music streaming service following his tenure in office, U.S. President Barack Obama may be the only person qualified for Spotify's newest employee posting.

"At least eight years’ experience running a highly-regarded nation" and a Nobel Peace Prize are among the requirements for Spotify's new position "President of Playlists".

"Who you are ...familiar with the Spotify platform, with experience in programming playlists at a federal level. Anything from an eclectic summer playlist, to a celebratory, 'I just found my birth certificate' playlist," the job description, posted Tuesday, reads.

And in case the listed requirements were too subtle, Spotify's CEO and founder Daniel Ek tweeted the job posting to the president from his official account.

According to Natalia Brzezinski, wife of the former Swedish ambassador to the United States, Obama told her husband at the White House last week " I'm still waiting for my job at Spotify... Cuz' I know y'all loved my playlist."

Last August, the White House released two music sets "hand-created" by the president of the United States for daytime and evening.