喀布尔卡车炸弹爆炸 至少50人丧生

阿富汗卫生部一名发言人告诉美国之音，首都喀布尔的外交使馆区星期三早晨发生一次巨大的卡车炸弹爆炸事件，造成至少50人丧生，320多人受伤。

爆炸炸坏了喀布尔的瓦兹尔·阿克巴·汗区，那里坐落着很多外国外交使团和政府办公室，炸毁了数十辆车辆和周边建筑物。最初报道称，爆炸物被藏在一辆水车里。

阿富汗官员表示，伤亡数字可能还会上升。

此次严重炸弹爆炸事件的袭击目标目前还不清楚。爆炸发生在距离德国大使馆不远的地方。但是爆炸最主要炸毁了邻近的一座建筑，那里是阿富汗最大的电讯服务商罗山电信公司的主要办公地点。

阿富汗安全部队迅速封锁了这一地区，国际部队也抵达该地协助救援。目前还没有人声称对此事件负责。喀布尔的居民表示，该事件可能是多年来最为致命的一次。

星期三的袭击事件发生之际，塔利班正在对阿富汗部队发动密集的致命攻击，伊斯兰国的效忠分子最近几个月来也一直在喀布尔城内外针对主要目标发动恐怖袭击。

最新暴力事件发生的同时，阿富汗总统加尼预定下周要在喀布尔主办一次邻国和地区国家的会议，讨论结束阿富汗不断升级的冲突。

Truck Bomb in Kabul Kills At Least 50

A massive truck bomb exploded Wednesday morning in the diplomatic section of Afghanistan's capital, killing at least 50 people and wounding over 320 others, a health ministry spokesman told VOA.

The blast ripped through the central Wazir Akbar Khan area of Kabul, home to foreign diplomatic missions and government offices, damaging dozens of vehicles and surrounding buildings. Initial reports said the explosives were hidden in a water tanker.

Afghan officials say the casualty figures are likely to rise.

The target of the massive bombing was not immediately clear. It happened in an area not far from the German embassy. However, the explosion mostly devastated a nearby building, housing the main office of Roshan, the leading telecommunications service provider in Afghanistan.

Afghan security forces swiftly cordoned off the area and international troops also have arrived at the site to assist in rescue efforts. There were no immediate claims of responsibility for what residents in Kabul said appeared to be one of the deadliest bombings in years.

Wednesday's attack comes amid intensified deadly Taliban attacks on Afghan forces while loyalists of Islamic State have also conducted terrorist strikes against high-profile targets in recent months in and outside Kabul.

The latest violence also comes as President Ashraf Ghani is set to host a conference of neighboring and regional countries in Kabul next week to discuss ways to end an increasingly deadly Afghan conflict.

联合国：近期将有20万伊拉克人逃离摩苏尔

联合国星期二表示，在接下来数天里，可能会有20万伊拉克平民逃离摩苏尔由伊斯兰国组织控制的地区。

伊拉克政府星期四敦促摩苏尔老城的平民逃离自己的家园，越过界限进入另外一侧的政府控制区寻求安全保护。

联合国驻伊拉克最高人道救援官员格兰德表示，“当他们发出这项新的指令时，与他们以前发布的指导意见相比，代表着重大调整。”

她说，摩苏尔老城及其北部的三个社区，都有平民被困。

格兰德从巴格达通过视频连线说，“我们对那些平民的安全深感忧虑。我们感到眼下那些平民可能比整个战役的任何阶段都要危险。”

她指出，疏散通知不是强制性的，伊拉克安全部队将保护仍然留在老城内的平民。

重新夺回摩苏尔的军事行动去年10月在该城东部展开时，联合国担心会有70万平民逃难，但是这种情况并没有发生，50万居民待在家里，安然度过了战斗。

但当军队开始解放摩苏尔西城时，居民却大批逃离。格兰德表示，有77万4千人逃离了这座伊拉克第二大城市。摩苏尔自从2014年以来处于伊斯兰国的控制之下。联合国正在对逃难的所有人以及摩苏尔东城留在家中的居民提供援助。

UN: 200,000 Iraqis Could Flee Mosul in Coming Days

The United Nations said Tuesday that 200,000 Iraqi civilians could flee an Islamic State-controlled part of Mosul in the coming days.

The Iraqi government on Thursday urged civilians in the Old City of Mosul to flee their homes and cross to safety on the other side of government lines.

"When they issued this new instruction it represented a dramatic change and shift from the guidance that they had been previously providing," said Lise Grande, the U.N.'s top humanitarian official in Iraq.

She said there are three neighborhoods to the north of the Old City, as well as the Old City itself, where the civilians are trapped.

"We are deeply concerned about the safety of these civilians," Grande told reporters by video link from Baghdad. "We feel those civilians are probably at greater risk now than at any stage of the entire campaign."

She noted that the evacuation notice is not compulsory, and the Iraqi Security Forces would protect civilians who remain in the Old City.

When the military offensive to re-take Mosul began in the eastern part of the city last October, the U.N. feared a mass exodus of as many as 700,000 civilians. It did not happen, as a half-million residents stayed in their homes and rode out the fighting.

But when the army began liberating the western part of the city, residents fled at a much higher rate. Grande says 774,000 Iraqis have left Iraq's second largest city, which has been under IS control since 2014. The U.N. is providing assistance to all of them, as well as the half-million east Mosul residents who remained in their homes.