川普签署政令允许更多退役飞行员转现役

美国总统川普签署政令，允许空军让多达1000名退役飞行员再次服现役，以解决飞行员短缺的问题。

五角大楼发言人、海军中校罗斯说，空军目前缺少大约1500名飞行员。

罗斯说：“飞行员短缺是美国面临的挑战，将会在今后多年影响政府部门以及民航。”

按照现行法律，空军最多只能把25名退役飞行员转为现役。川普总统的政令修改了9/11之后的紧急条款，取消了对空军以及其它军中退役人员转为现役的数量限制。

美国空军多年来面临留住飞行员的挑战。飞行员为民航工作可以得到更高的薪水。空军已经上调了飞行员的薪金和待遇，并一直与航空公司合作，寻找解决飞行员短缺的办法。

空军在美国对伊斯兰国组织的打击中一马当先，在伊拉克和叙利亚多次出击。

Trump Signs Order Allowing Recall of More Retired Air Force Pilots

U.S. President Donald Trump has signed an executive order that will allow the Air Force to bring back to active duty as many as 1,000 retired pilots to address a pilot shortage.

A Pentagon spokesman, Navy Cmdr. Gary Ross, said the Air Force is currently short approximately 1,500 pilots.

"The pilot supply shortage is a national-level challenge that could have adverse effects on all aspects of both the government and commercial aviation sectors for years to come," Ross said.

Under current law, the Air Force is limited to recalling 25 pilots. Trump’s order, which amends a post-9/11 emergency declaration, removes that cap for the Air Force, as well as other branches of the military.

The Air Force has struggled for years to retain pilots, who can often get better paying jobs flying commercial airlines. It has already boosted pay and incentives to its pilots and has been working with airlines to come up with solutions to the shortage.

The Air Force has been at the forefront of the U.S. battle against the Islamic State, flying many of the sorties in Iraq and Syria.

笔记本电脑可能会被禁止托运

美国联邦航空管理局(FAA)向联合国建议，停止允许民航乘客把笔记本电脑放在托运行李中。联邦航空管理局说，这样做有着火的危险。

联合国属下的国际民航组织将在10月底之前的一次会议上考虑这项建议。

美国联邦航空管理局说，带锂电池的笔记本电脑如果离气雾喷罐过近，会引起货舱内起火，等到发现火情时可能已经难以控制。

美国今年早些时候曾禁止外国航班的乘客把笔记本电脑放在随身携带的行李中，担心会被恐怖分子利用。这项要求后来取消。

专家说，笔记本电脑最好在客舱由乘客随身携带，这样可以很快发现火情。

国际民航组织开会时可以同意美国联邦航空管理局的建议，但是在具体实施上，各国的监管机构拥有最后决定权。

Laptops Could Be Banned in Checked Luggage

The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration has filed a suggestion with the United Nations to stop allowing airline passengers to stow laptops in their checked baggage, saying it could cause a fire hazard.

The suggestion is to be considered by the International Civil Aviation Organization, a United Nations group, at a meeting later this month.

The FAA said laptops with lithium batteries, stored too close to aerosol cans, could ignite a fire in the cargo hold, where flames could reach unmanageable levels before being detected.

U.S. authorities earlier this year banned passengers from foreign airports from stowing their laptops in carry-on baggage, for fear that they might be used by terrorists. That requirement was later discontinued.

Experts say laptops are best kept in passenger cabins where any fire would be quickly detected.

At the Civil Aviation Organization's meeting, the group can endorse the FAA proposal, but it would still be up to regulators in individual nations to enforce the rule.