川普将任命更多保守派法官

美国总统川普任命的保守派联邦最高法院大法官获得确认后，川普宣布，计划任命更多保守派法官任职下级法院。

助手们说，川普名单上包括美国上诉法院的5名法官候选人。美国上诉法院在解释美国法律方面经常发挥重要作用。上诉法院法官的人选必须得到参议院确认。

美国最高法院的9位大法官每年只听取大约70起上诉案，而上诉法院法官每年则要裁决6万个或更多的案子，直接影响到全美各地他们所处的司法管辖区。

川普认为，原上诉法院法官戈萨奇被确认为最高法院大法官是他执政初期的最大胜利。戈萨奇4月已经宣誓就职，此前，参议院对其提名进行了针锋相对的确认程序。参议院共和党人一致支持他，大多数民主党议员则以其观点过于保守，脱离美国法律观念主流为由表示反对。

Trump Set to Name More Conservative Judges

U.S. President Donald Trump, who already has won confirmation of a conservative jurist to the Supreme Court, has announced plans to nominated more conservative judges to lower courts.

Aides say the people on Trump's list include five nominees for U.S. appellate courts where judges often play a significant role in interpreting U.S. laws. The nominees must be confirmed by the Senate.

The nine-member Supreme Court only hears appeals in about 70 cases annually, leaving 60,000 or more rulings each year made by appellate judges that affect the specific regions throughout the country where they preside.

Trump counts the confirmation of appellate court judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court as one of the biggest victories of his early presidency. Gorsuch took his seat on the Supreme Court last month after a contentious confirmation process in which Senate Republicans uniformly supported his nomination, while most Senate Democrats opposed him on grounds that his views were too conservative and out of the mainstream of American legal thinking.

韩国选民投票选举新总统

韩国选民投票选举新总统。此前，韩国经历了一年的政治动荡，其中包括大规模和平抗议，以及弹劾并逮捕前总统朴槿惠。

投票站星期二早晨6点开放，预计午夜前将宣布大选的获胜者。

选前民调大幅领先的是韩国共同民主党候选人文在寅，他领先两个主要对手大约20个百分点，如果文在寅获胜，这将是保守派执政10年来首次由自由派人士掌权。

文在寅是一位人权律师，他承诺减少政府腐败，在创造就业方面增加开支，增加对富人的税收。在国际事务方面，文在寅希望与朝鲜进行更多接触，其中包括重新开放韩朝共同经营的朝鲜开城工业园区。该工业园区在朝鲜去年进行第四次核试验之后关闭。

文在寅最接近的对手是自由韩国党候选人洪准杓以及国民之党候选人安哲秀。安哲秀也是一位自由派人士。

South Korea Votes for New President

South Koreans are voting for a new president, following a year of political upheaval that included massive peaceful protests and the impeachment and arrest of former President Park Geun-hye.

Polling stations opened Tuesday at 6 a.m. and a winner is expected to be announced before the end of the night.

Leading the pre-election polls by a large margin is Liberal Democratic Party of Korea candidate Moon Jae-in, with about 20 percentage points over his two main rivals. If Moon wins, it will be the first time in a decade for liberals to take power following conservative rule.

Moon, who is a human rights lawyer, has promised to reduce government corruption, increase spending to create jobs, and raise taxes on the wealthy. On the international front, Moon wants more engagement with North Korea, including reopening the jointly run Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea, which was closed following Pyongyang’s fourth nuclear test last year.

His closest rivals are conservative Liberty Korea Party candidate Hong Joon-pyo and the People’s Party candidate Ahn Cheol-soo, who also is a liberal.