伊朗议会和霍梅尼陵墓遭到枪手袭击

伊朗新闻机构星期三报道了针对伊朗议会和已故领导人霍梅尼陵墓的两起高调攻击事件。

据说有三名枪手和一名自杀炸弹手对霍梅尼陵墓进行了攻击，他们袭击了座落在德黑兰以南的这处陵墓，并打伤了一些人。报道说，警方逮捕了至少一名袭击者并打死另外一人。

对伊朗议会遇袭的报道则有分歧，一些报道称多达4名枪手在伊朗议会开枪，打死一人，数人受伤，其中包括保安人员。

还有一些报道援引一名议员的话说，其中一名枪手已经被捕。

目前还不清楚谁是这些攻击事件的幕后黑手或者这些攻击事件是否相互关联。

Gunmen Attack Iranian Parliament, Khomeini Shrine

Iranian news agencies reported Wednesday a pair of high-profile attacks, one targeting the country's parliament and another the shrine of late leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.

The shrine attack was said to involve three gunmen and a suicide bomber who stormed the site located south of Tehran and wounded several people. The reports said police arrested at least one of the attackers and killed another.

At the Iranian parliament, reports of what happened were more conflicting with some saying as many as four gunmen were involved in shootings there that killed one person and wounded several others, including security guards.

Some of the reports quoted a lawmaker saying one of the shooters had been arrested.

It was not immediately clear who was behind the attacks or if they were connected.

川普介入海湾阿拉伯国家的外交争执

白宫表示，川普总统和沙特国王撒勒曼进行了电话交谈，两位领导人强调了在海湾地区一些阿拉伯国家做出与卡塔尔断交的决定后，海湾国家保持团结的重要性。

星期二晚间发表的一份声明说，两位领导人讨论了“阻止恐怖组织获得资金以及通过该地区所有国家的努力清除极端主义蔓延等重要目标” 。

当天早些时候，川普总统介入了卡塔尔与重要阿拉伯国家就所称的多哈支持在海湾地区助长恐怖主义的伊朗和伊斯兰激进组织问题所产生的外交纠纷。

川普总统在周二发出的一系列推文中，似乎认为沙特领导的孤立卡特尔的行动有自己的功劳。美国在卡塔尔部署了中东地区最大的军事基地。

川普总统的推文提到自己上个月在利雅得发表的演说，他在演说中号召穆斯林国家领导人对激进伊斯兰组织采取反对立场。

Trump Wades Into Diplomatic Spat Among Gulf Arab Nations

The White House says President Donald Trump and Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud spoke by telephone, and the two stressed the need for Gulf unity following a decision by Arab states in the region to cut ties with Qatar.

A statement issued late Tuesday said the two discussed the "critical goals of preventing the financing of terrorist organizations and eliminating the promotion of extremism by any nation in the region."

Earlier in the day, the president entered the diplomatic spat involving Qatar and major Arab nations over Doha's alleged support of Iran and Islamist militant groups sponsoring terrorism in the region.

In a series of Twitter posts Tuesday, the president seemed to take credit for the Saudi-led move to isolate Qatar -- which hosts the largest U.S. military base in the Middle East.

In his tweets, President Trump referred to his speech in Riyadh last month in which he called on Muslim leaders to take a stand against radical Islamist groups.