中国对川普商标申请的处理引发伦理担忧

中国已经初步批准了美国总统川普的商业帝国的一系列商标请求，再度引起美国伦理监督组织的关注，认为总统私人交易与他作为世界超级大国领导人角色相冲突，并因此违反美国宪法。

川普的律师去年4月向中国提交了38件商标申请，当时川普仍是共和党总统候选人的竞争者之一。中国商标局在过去两个星期初步批准了商标申请。

如果没有人反对，商标将在90天内正式注册。这些商标涵盖了川普的各种商业利益，包括酒店、餐馆、高尔夫俱乐部、酒吧、房地产和金融，以及护送和礼宾服务。

川普集团今年2月份得到了用于建筑施工服务的川普品牌的商标批准。这一商标申请得到批准前经历了10年的法律官司。

一些研究总统伦理问题的专家说，中国对川普利益有利的考量佐证了他们的观点，那就是，试图向总统寻求好处的外国政府会倾向于对总统的商业利益给予优惠待遇。

不过川普集团代表说，保护商标权益是在全球各国根据国际法开展业务的自然组成部分。

China’s Action on Trump Trademark Request Raises Ethics Concerns

China has given preliminary approval to a raft of trademark requests from President Donald Trump’s business empire, renewing concerns of ethics watchdogs that the president’s private dealings conflict with his role as leader of a world superpower, and therefore violate the U.S. Constitution.

Trump attorneys filed the 38 trademark applications last April, while Mr. Trump was still a contender for the Republican presidential nomination. China’s Trademark Office signaled its tentative approval over the past two weeks.

If there is no objection, the trademarks will be officially registered in 90 days. They cover a wide variety of Trump interests, including everything from hotels, restaurants, golf clubs, bars, real estate and finance, to escort and concierge services.

The Trump Organization also received a single trademark approval in February for Trump-branded construction services. That approval came after a 10-year legal battle.

A group of presidential ethics experts say China’s favorable consideration of Trump requests buttresses their argument that foreign governments seeking to curry favor with the president would be inclined to show preferential treatment to the president’s business interests.

Representatives of the Trump Organization, however, say securing trademarks is a natural part of doing business in countries around the globe in keeping with international law.

美国六个州挑战川普新的旅行限令

美国六个州对川普总统修改后的禁止六国公民入境美国的行政命令提出法律挑战。

夏威夷州已经递交了诉讼状，指出新的旅行限令伤害到生活在该州的穆斯林。另外五个州则一起对川普的新政令提出挑战。这一新命令是要代替之前被美国上诉法院驳回的版本。

美国西海岸的华盛顿州在抗拒川普总统最初的新政令上起了主导作用。该州要求西雅图的一名联邦法官确认，阻止实施川普最初限令的法院裁决也适用于白宫新的限令。

俄勒冈州、明尼苏达州和纽约州也加入了华盛顿州的法律行动。麻塞诸赛州星期四晚间宣布，也将加入下周提出的诉讼。

华盛顿州的总检察长鲍勃·弗格森说，这些州有充分的法律依据。弗格森承认新的限令比原先的版本范围要窄，但是他说“这并不意味着解决了自身的宪法问题”。

川普星期一签署的新命令要求在三个月内禁止伊朗、利比亚、索马里、苏丹、叙利亚和也门这六个国家的公民进入美国，而且停止接收难民四个月。命令不适用于在1月22日之前获得签证或有永久合法居留权的人。

6 US States Challenge Trump's Revised Travel Ban

Six U.S. states are challenging President Donald Trump's revised executive order banning travel from six Muslim-majority countries.

The state of Hawaii already has filed suit, arguing the new federal order will harm Muslims living in the Pacific island state. Five other states have banded together in a combined challenge to the latest order from Trump, meant to replace an earlier decree that was overturned by U.S. courts.

The West Coast state of Washington, which played a leading role in resisting the original presidential order, asked a federal judge in Seattle to affirm that a court order suspending enforcement of Trump's January 27 edict also applies to the new version released by the White House.

The states of Oregon, Minnesota and New York have joined Washington state's legal action, and Massachusetts announced late Thursday that it, too, will take part when an amended complaint is filed next week.

Bob Ferguson, Washington state's attorney general, said the states have a solid legal argument. The president's new immigration order is "narrower" than the original version, Ferguson said, but "that does not mean that it's cured its constitutional problems."

Trump signed a new executive order Monday barring citizens from six countries -- Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen -- from traveling to the United States for three months, and suspended for four months a U.S. refugee resettlement program. Foreign travelers who received visas to the United States before January 22, or who already are legal permanent residents of the U.S., are exempted from the new order.