以色列强拆约旦河西岸非法犹太人定居点

以色列警方计划星期四用推土机拆除约旦河西岸的一个非法犹太人定居点，之前驱逐了那里约50个犹太家庭。

几百名抗议者设立了路障，并向执行法院命令清除阿马纳定居点的警察投掷石块。阿马纳是巴勒斯坦权力机构总部拉马拉东北部的一个犹太定居点。

愤怒的抗议者和定居者向警察喊道：“犹太人不要驱逐犹太人。”有大约20名警察受伤。

大多数定居者带着他们的物品，拉着孩子安静离开。有些人发誓要回来。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡一天前批准了建造3000个新住所，提供给撤出的定居者和西岸其他地方的人。

阿马纳是未经批准在西岸建立的大约100个定居点中最大的一个，之前以色列政府对之抱以容忍态度。

巴勒斯坦人认为，在他们希望是未来国土的部分地区兴建的犹太定居点是以巴和平的主要障碍。以色列则说，巴勒斯坦人拒绝承认犹太国家是中东和平的阻碍。

令以色列极为不满的是，美国前总统奥巴马的政府就联合国安全理事会12月通过的一项称这些定居点为非法，并要求以色列停止建设的决议投下了弃权票，而不是否决票。新上任的川普政府至今一直对以色列的定居点建设保持沉默，但犹太定居者们星期三对记者表示，他们期望新的美国政府不会阻挠在西岸建立新一轮定居点。

Israel to Bulldoze Illegal Jewish Settlement in West Bank

Israeli police bulldozers plan to start knocking down dozens of homes Thursday after evicting about 50 Jewish families from an illegal settlement in the West Bank.

Several hundred protesters set up barricades and threw stones at police who came to carry out the court-ordered evacuation of Amona, a Jewish settlement northeast of Ramallah, the headquarters of the Palestinian Authority.

Angry protesters and settlers yelled at the police that "Jews don't expel Jews." About 20 officers were hurt.

Most of the settlers left quietly, carrying their belongings, holding children by the hand. Some vowed to return.

One day earlier, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu approved 3,000 new homes for the evacuated settlers and others elsewhere in the West Bank.

Amona is the largest of around 100 unauthorized outposts erected in the West Bank without permission but - until now - generally tolerated by the Israeli government.

Palestinians say Jewish settlements on land they want as part of a future state are a major impediment to peace. Israel says the Palestinians' refusal to recognize the Jewish state is blocking Mideast peace.

Israel was furious when the United States, under former President Barack Obama, abstained instead of vetoing a U.N. Security Council resolution in December calling the settlements illegal and demanding Israel stop building them. The new Trump White House has so far been silent on Israeli settlement construction, but Jewish settlers told reporters Wednesday they expect the new U.S. administration will not stand in the way of a new wave of settlements in the West Bank.

白宫对伊朗导弹试射发出警告

美国总统川普的国家安全顾问周三谴责伊朗的弹道导弹发射，并表示这威胁到德黑兰2015年与美国和其他大国达成的核协议。

退役将军弗林谴责伊朗的导弹发射，称这只是伊朗在过去六个月威胁美国及其区域盟友的“一系列事件中最新的一起”。他说，伊朗领导人现在之所以大胆采取这种行动，是因为核协议“薄弱和无效”，而且参与协议的其他国家没有采取行动束缚伊朗的军事野心。

在白宫的简报会上，弗林指责前总统奥巴马和他的政府成员对德黑兰的态度不够强硬。

他说：“奥巴马政府没有对德黑兰的恶意举动作出充分反应，这些举动包括武器转让、支持恐怖主义和其他违反国际准则的行为。”弗林说：“川普政府谴责伊朗的这种行动，这破坏中东及以外地区的安全、繁荣和稳定，威胁到美国公民的生命安全。”

弗林补充说，“今天，我们正式对伊朗提出警告。”他没有进一步作出解释，也没有威胁要对德黑兰采取什么样的具体行动。

白宫高级官员星期三稍晚时候说，伊朗的弹道导弹发射和它对也门胡塞反叛分子的支持是挑衅性的，正在破坏该地区的稳定，并威胁到包括美国盟国在内的多个国家。官员们说，美国将“适当地”作出反应。

当被问及美国可能采取什么样的行动时，有关官员只表示有多种选项。然而，白宫高级官员说，伊朗导弹发射和美国可能作出的反应是与伊朗核协议分开的，白宫没有指责伊朗违反核协议。

伊朗星期三证实，于星期天进行了导弹发射，但声称这没有违反六个世界大国和德黑兰在2015年签署的核协议。联合国安理会在核协议达成后通过的第2231号决议呼吁伊朗不采取任何与弹道导弹有关的活动，但没有具体禁止这种活动。

White House Warns Iran Against Missile Launch

U.S. President Donald Trump's national security adviser on Wednesday denounced Iran's ballistic missile launch and said Tehran is putting at risk the nuclear agreement it reached in 2015 with the United States and other major powers.

Retired General Michael Flynn condemned the missile launch, declaring it "just the latest in a series of incidents" in which Iran has threatened the U.S. and its regional allies over the past six months. He said leaders in Tehran were emboldened to take such action now because the nuclear agreement is "weak and ineffective," and because the other nations involved in the agreement failed to take action to rein in Iran's military ambitions.

During a briefing at the White House, Flynn accused former President Barack Obama and other members of his administration of not being tough enough on Tehran.

“The Obama administration failed to respond adequately to Tehran’s malign actions — including weapons transfers, support for terrorism and other violations of international norms,” Flynn said. “The Trump administration condemns such actions by Iran that undermine security, prosperity and stability throughout and beyond the Middle East and place American lives at risk.”

Flynn added, "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice." He did not explain his comment further, and threaten any specific action against Tehran.

Late Wednesday, senior White House officials said Iran’s ballistic missile launch and its support for Houthi rebels in Yemen are provocative, are destabilizing the region and are threatening multiple countries, including U.S. allies. The officials said the United States will respond “appropriately.”

Asked what kind of action the U.S. might take, the officials would only say they have a large range of options available. However, senior White House officials said the Iranian missile launch and a possible U.S. response are separate from the Iran nuclear deal, and that the White House is not accusing Iran of violating the original agreement.

Iran confirmed Wednesday that it carried out a missile launch Sunday, but said this did not violate the nuclear agreement by six world powers and Tehran in 2015. U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231, adopted after the nuclear deal was reached, called on Iran not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles, but it did not specifically ban such activity.