地区保安部队进入冈比亚首都 为新总统回国做准备

一支地区武装力量星期天进入冈比亚首都班珠尔。就在几小时前，败选的冈比亚领导人贾梅离开冈比亚流亡海外。

武装力量的入驻是为冈比亚新总统巴罗回国做准备的。由于贾梅拒绝放下权力，巴罗前些时候暂居邻国塞内加尔。巴罗星期四在塞内加尔首都达喀尔宣誓就职。

截止星期天晚上，巴罗返回冈比亚的时间还没有公布，不过一位发言人告诉媒体说，他将“尽快”返回。另一位发言人在班珠尔告诉记者说，星期一要对首都班珠尔的安全进行检查，确保巴罗能安全返回这个有150万人口的国家。

美国国务院于“冈比亚目前正在进行的和平权力移交”表示欢迎，并且祝贺巴罗宣誓就职。

Regional Security Forces Arrive in Gambian Capital Ahead of New President's Return

Troops from a regionwide military force moved Sunday into Gambia's capital, Banjul, hours after defeated leader Yahya Jammeh fled into exile.

The regional force is expected to clear the way for the return of the country's newly elected President Adama Barrow, who earlier took refuge in nearby Senegal when Jammeh refused to leave office. Barrow was sworn in Thursday at a ceremony in the Senegalese capital, Dakar.

No time frame had been announced by late Sunday for Barrow's return, but a spokesman told reporters it would be "as soon as possible."

A second spokesman told reporters in Banjul that the capital would be inspected Monday to determine whether security is adequate for Barrow's safe return to the country of 1.5 million residents.

美国南部可能遭受更多龙卷风袭击 目前已造成18人死亡

美国南部恶劣天气造成至少18人死亡；气象部门警告，可能会有更多强大风暴来袭。

美国国家气象局星期天说，乔治亚州南部、佛罗里达州北部和阿拉巴马州东南角可能遭遇强大的龙卷风、破坏性的强风和冰雹。

乔治亚州周末遭受风暴和龙卷风袭击，14人死亡，20多人受伤，密西西比州星期六的龙卷风造成4人死亡。

乔治亚州州长迪尔宣布在发生人员伤亡和严重破坏的七个县实行紧急状态。迪尔说，州政府各机构的“所有资源”都要随时供受灾地区调用。

美国总统川普星期天与迪尔州长通了话，并且向龙卷风造成的死难者表达哀悼。

Southern US Braces for More Tornadoes as Death Toll Reaches 18

Severe weather has killed least 18 people in the southern United States, and forecasters warn of more deadly storms to come.

The National Weather Service said Sunday that southern Georgia, northern Florida and the corner of southeastern Alabama could face forceful tornadoes, damaging winds and large hail.

Fourteen people were killed and more than 20 injured as violent storms and tornadoes rolled through parts of Georgia over the weekend. Another four people were killed in Mississippi by a tornado on Saturday.

Governor Nathan Deal of Georgia declared a state of emergency in seven counties that suffered deaths, injuries and severe damage from the storms. Deal said that state agencies are "making all resources available'' to affected counties.

President Donald Trump spoke with Governor Deal Sunday to express his condolences about those killed by the powerful tornadoes that ripped through the state.