澳大利亚枢机主教被控性侵首次出庭

澳大利亚枢机主教乔治·佩尔被控性侵首次出庭。佩尔是梵蒂冈最高级别官员之一，也是教皇方济各的首席财政顾问。

76岁的佩尔枢机主教星期三在墨尔本一家法院短暂出庭，没有发言。这次开庭主要是例行法律程序。佩尔被控历史性性侵，涉及过去若干年中的几名原告。

虽然星期三庭审没有要求，但是佩尔的律师告诉法庭说，他的委托人对指控做无罪申辩。

佩尔2014年开始担任梵蒂冈首席财政顾问。他是罗马天主教会几十年性侵丑闻中受到指控的最高级别官员。

长时间以来，佩尔一直因为他在墨尔本和悉尼担任主教期间对涉嫌性侵儿童的神父的处理方式而受到批评。他曾先后两次接受负责调查神职人员性侵指控的特别委员会的面谈。很多性侵指控都要追溯到几十年前。

佩尔枢机主教下次出庭是10月6日。

Australia's Highest-Ranking Catholic Clergyman Charged in Sexual Abuse Case

Australian Cardinal George Pell, one of the Vatican's highest-ranking officials and a close adviser to Pope Francis, made his first appearance in an Australian courtroom on charges of sexual abuse.

The 76-year-old clergyman said nothing during a brief hearing in a Melbourne courtroom Wednesday that focused on routine legal matters. He has been charged with "historical sexual offenses" involving multiple people dating back several years.

Pell's lawyer, Robert Richter, told the court his client would plead not guilty to the charges, even though he was not required to do so during Wednesday's proceedings.

The Vatican's chief financial officer since 2014, Cardinal Pell is the most senior official in the Roman Catholic Church to face charges in the decades-long sexual abuse scandal involving clergy.

Pell has long been under fire for his handling of priests accused of sexually abusing children during his years as archbishop of Melbourne and Sydney. He was interviewed twice by a special commission formed to investigate allegations of sexual abuse committed by clergy, many of them dating back decades.

His next court date has been scheduled for October 6.

欧盟追加援助 帮助意大利应对移民潮

欧洲委员会保证向意大利追加1亿1600万美元，帮助意大利政府应对地中海移民危机。

欧洲委员会主席让-克洛德·容克星期二致函意大利总理真蒂洛尼说，他正在布鲁塞尔建立一个特别“联络小组”，跟意大利有关当局进行协调。欧洲委员会这次追加的额外款项使意大利得到的援助金增加了12.5%，总额达10亿美元。

2017年上半年有近8万4千移民经海路来到意大利，比去年同期增长了20%。意大利能容纳20万人的拘留中心和临时庇护所已经满员，与此同时还有不少移民在意大利非法打工。

取道意大利前往欧洲的移民中，尼日利亚、孟加拉国和几内亚人占绝大多数。

欧洲委员会主席容克还保证对孟加拉国施加压力，要求他们接受遣返移民，因为其中大多数人都没有资格受到国际保护。容克威胁说，如果达卡不采取行动，就要限制孟加拉国的欧洲签证。

European Union Vows More Help for Italy in Migrant Crisis

The European Commission has pledged another $116 million to Italy to help its government manage the Mediterranean migration crisis.

Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, said in a letter to Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni on Tuesday that he was setting up a special “contact team” in Brussels to coordinate with Italian authorities. The additional financial assistance the commission pledged to Italy raises by 12.5 percent the funds already allocated to Rome, to a total of over $1 billion.

Through the first half of 2017, nearly 84,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea, 20 percent more than during the same period last year. Detention centers and temporary shelters that Italy has for migrants have reached their maximum capacity of 200,000 people, but there are many other migrants in the country working illegally.

Migrants from Nigeria, Bangladesh and Guinea account for most of those fleeing to Italy on the way to Europe.

Junker also promised to pressure Bangladesh to take back its migrants, since the vast majority of them are ineligible for international protection. He threatened to limit visas to Europe for travelers from the south Asian nation if there was no action by Dhaka.