川普不再强求预算谈判含建墙拨款

美国总统川普仍然决心在美墨边界修建边界墙，不过他星期一表示，愿意等到今年晚些时候由国会考虑资助这一项目，而不是坚持将建墙费用纳入本周为避免政府停摆的谈判中。

美国政府目前运转所需要的开支计划，将在星期五午夜到期。川普与国会的谈判代表只有几天的时间就9月30日截至的财政拨款优先次序达成一致。

一名白宫官员后来证实，川普总统星期一在一次私下会议中告诉一些保守派记者，他可以等到今年9月再考虑建墙资金问题。

民主党人反对建墙计划，该党国会领导人欢迎川普总统的转变。

参议院少数党领袖查克·舒默说，“川普总统在磋商中拿掉建墙议题，对美国有利。现在两党磋商人员得以继续致力于解决遗留问题了” 。

Trump Steps Back Border Wall Demand in Budget Fight

U.S. President Donald Trump remains committed to building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, but indicated Monday he is willing to wait until later this year for Congress to consider funding the project rather than insisting it be included in negotiations to avoid a government shut down this week.

The current spending plan for U.S. government operations runs out at midnight Friday, leaving Trump and congressional negotiators just days to reach an accord on funding priorities through the end of September.

In comments later confirmed by a White House official, Trump told a group of conservative journalists during a private meeting Monday that he could wait until September to reconsider funding for construction of the wall.

Democrats oppose the project, and the party's leaders in Congress welcomed Trump's shift.

"It's good for the country that President Trump is taking the wall off the table in these negotiations," said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer. "Now the bipartisan negotiators can continue working on the outstanding issues."

美国务院网站删除海湖庄园简介

美国国务院星期一从其网站上删除了介绍川普总统海湖庄园的网页。此前，有人严厉抨击这个简介有推动川普总统私人商业利益之嫌。

该内容是一个名为“分享美国”网页的组成部分，今年4月4日发表在网页上，但被几个美国驻外使馆社媒账户分享后，引起广泛注意。

在该网页海湖庄园简介原位置上的一则声明说，“这篇文帖的初衷是告诉公众川普总统是在哪里接待世界领导人的。我们对引发误解感到遗憾，已经删除了这篇文帖。”

川普1985年以来一直拥有海湖庄园，去年11月当选总统以来，加入该俱乐部的会费翻了一倍，达到20万美元。川普总统上任以来已7次前往海湖庄园，其中包括招待中国国家主席习近平和日本首相安倍晋三。这些旅行由于花费高昂而引发监督。

一位要求不透露姓名的白宫官员告诉路透社说，白宫事先并不知道这篇文帖，故拒绝对此事进一步发表评论。

State Department Removes Mar-a-Lago Post

The U.S. State Department Monday removed a post from one of its websites describing President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate, after receiving sharp criticism that the post appeared to promote the president's private business interests.

The content was part of a website named Share America and was published on April 4, but gained wide exposure after being shared on social media accounts of several U.S. embassies.

"The intention of the article was to inform the public about where the President has been hosting world leaders. We regret any misperception and have removed the post," reads a statement now posted in place of the original story.

Trump has owned Mar-a-Lago since 1985 and the club charges a membership fee that doubled in cost to $200,000 after his election in November. The president has visited there seven times since taking office, including trips to host Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Those trips have drawn their own scrutiny due to their expense.

A White House official, speaking to the Reuters news agency on the condition of anonymity, said the White House did not know about the article in advance, and declined to comment further on the matter.