川普将视察佛罗里达灾区

美国总统川普星期四前往佛罗里达西南部，听取飓风艾玛后恢复工作的简报，并与一些灾民见面。

川普计划前往佛罗里达的迈尔斯堡和那不勒斯。艾玛的飓风中心从这些地区穿过，夹带的暴雨和巨浪造成了大规模洪灾。

川普已经宣布佛罗里达州为重灾区，从而加快了联邦救灾资金的发放速度。

有关官员正在调查，佛罗里达好莱坞市八位养老院老人去世是否跟停电后空调无法工作有关。

这家养老院街对面的一个医院收治了很多中暑的老人，在这一过程中发现已经有八位老人去世，该养老院115位老人随后全部被疏散。

佛罗里达州州长斯科特要求就此进行刑事调查，称这种情况“匪夷所思”。

这家养老院显然是飓风来袭时就停电了，但是目前还不清楚，为什么发电机失灵，无法保持楼内凉爽。

斯科特州长已经下令，检查全州各地养老院的情况。

与此同时，法国和英国保证，要向加勒比海法属和英属地区提供更多的支援。

法国总统马卡龙星期三前往圣马丁和圣巴泰勒米岛视察。一天前，马卡龙在瓜德罗普承认，有人认为法国提供的帮助不够，因此感到气愤。马卡龙保证要向受灾的岛屿提供更多供给和保安部队。

英国外交大臣约翰逊星期三在安圭拉和英属维京群岛视察，这两个岛屿上周都受到了5级飓风艾玛的重创。约翰逊也表示，更多的安全部队和“大量供给”马上就到，他预计英国首相特蕾莎·梅星期三将宣布提供更多的援助。

联合国正向安提瓜岛、圣马丁岛以及特克斯和凯科斯群岛空运食物和最基本的救灾物资。

飓风艾玛在加勒比海造成至少37人丧生，对各岛屿造成重大破坏，其中包括巴布达岛，那里的居民已经全部撤离到安提瓜。

Trump to Visit Florida as State Slowly Recovers From Hurricane Irma

U.S. President Donald Trump travels Thursday to southwestern Florida to get a briefing on recovery efforts from Hurricane Irma and to meet with some of the people impacted by the powerful storm.

Trump's schedule includes stops in Fort Myers and Naples. The center of Irma passed through those areas as it went up the western side of Florida with strong winds, and a combination of heavy rain and storm surge that caused widespread flooding.

He has already declared Florida a major disaster area, a move that speeds up the release of federal relief funds.

Recovery efforts are underway, but officials have cautioned that it will take a long time to repair the damage left by the hurricane that also devastated several Caribbean islands.

Officials are investigating whether a lack of electricity to run air conditioning is to blame for the deaths of eight nursing home patients in Hollywood, Florida.

The deaths were discovered when a hospital across the street from the nursing home began receiving elderly patients suffering from heat exhaustion, which led to all 115 people in the home being evacuated.

Governor Rick Scott has called for a criminal investigation, calling the situation "unfathomable."

The retirement home had apparently been without electricity since the storm struck. It is unclear why generators failed to keep the building cool.

Scott has ordered authorities to check on nursing facilities across Florida.

Elsewhere, France and Britain are promising to boost aid to those hit by the storms in their territories in the Caribbean.

French President Emmanuel Macron visited Saint Martin and Saint Barthelemy Wednesday after stopping on Guadeloupe. Macron has acknowledged the angry response some people have to what they see as inadequate help from France. Macron promised more supplies and security forces for the islands.

British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson toured Anguilla and the British Virgin Islands Wednesday. Irma was a Category 5 storm when it clobbered the islands last week. Johnson said more security forces and "huge quantities of supplies" were coming, and that he expects Prime Minister Theresa May to announce further aid.

The United Nations is airlifting food and other vital relief to the islands of Antigua, St. Martin, and the Turks and Caicos.

The hurricane killed at least 37 people in the Caribbean and devastated the islands, including Barbuda, which has evacuated all of its citizens to Antigua.

马来西亚宗教学校起火 至少24人丧生

马来西亚首都吉隆坡一所私人宗教学校星期四凌晨起火，造成24人丧生。

消防官员说，这起拂晓前发生的火灾是在学校宿舍楼顶楼发生的，遇难者包括22个年龄在13到17岁之间的男学生和两名老师。因为通往宿舍的唯一出口被大火封死，而窗户上又安装了铁栅栏，所以他们无法逃生。

目击者说，随着火势的蔓延，他们可以听到学生的呼叫声。消防官员说，遇难者可能是因为吸入浓烟而死。

学校里另外18个人获得营救，其中6人住院治疗，情况危急。

起火原因目前还在调查之中，但是有关官员相信，火是电线短路引起的。

At Least Two Dozen Killed in Malaysia Religious School Fire

An early morning fire at a private religious school in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur killed 24 people Thursday.

Fire officials say the pre-dawn blaze at the Darul Quran Ittifaqiyah broke out in the top floor of the dormitory building where the students were sleeping. The victims -- 22 boys between the ages of 13 and 17, and two adult teachers -- were unable to escape because the only entrance to the sleeping quarters was blocked by the fire, and the windows covered by iron grills.

Witnesses say the students could be heard screaming for help as the fire raged. Fire officials say they likely died of smoke inhalation.

Eighteen other residents in the school were rescued, with six of them hospitalized in critical condition.

The cause of the fire remains under investigation, but officials believe it was started by an electrical short circuit.