川普和特鲁多将首次白宫会谈

美国总统川普星期一将在白宫会见加拿大总理特鲁多。预计两人会谈的内容包括为女性企业家和创业者发起一项联合倡议。

川普和特鲁多将举行一系列会议，包括白宫所称的“关于推动女性企业家和商业领袖的圆桌会议”。

特鲁多对美国的一日访问行程还包括与众议院议长瑞安和参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔举行会谈。

尽管未出现在公开议程中、但很可能在星期一的会议上提出的是经济问题，特别是贸易。

川普已经明确表示，他想重新谈判或废除包括美国、加拿大和墨西哥在内的北美自由贸易协定。他希望得到有利于美国的贸易交易，而特鲁多则一贯主张自由贸易。

加拿大高度依赖美国市场，其对美国的出口占其出口总量的75％。

川普和特鲁多在移民方面也有着截然不同的看法。

川普签署了一项行政命令，将美国的难民计划暂停120天，并无限期暂停叙利亚难民进入美国。该命令还暂时禁止来自伊拉克、伊朗、叙利亚、也门、利比亚、索马里和苏丹的移民和非移民入境。

而特鲁多政府对川普的行政令作出回应，向通常将被允许进入美国的人提供在加拿大申请临时身份的机会。

Trump and Trudeau Set For 1st White House Talks

U.S. President Donald Trump hosts Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the White House for talks Monday that are expected to include the launch of a joint initiative for female business leaders and entrepreneurs.

Trump and Trudeau will hold a series of meetings, including what the White House called a roundtable "on the advancement of women entrepreneurs and business leaders."

Trudeau's schedule for the one-day visit also includes talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

Not specified on the public agenda but likely to come up in Monday's meetings are economic issues, particularly trade.

Trump has made it clear he wants to renegotiate or scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement that includes the U.S., Canada and Mexico. He wants trade deals that favor the United States, while Trudeau is known as an advocate for free trade.

Canada is highly dependent on the U.S. market, which accounts for 75 percent of its exports.

Trump and Trudeau also have vastly different views when it comes to immigration.

The U.S. leader signed an executive order suspending the country's refugee program for 120 days and indefinitely suspending it for Syrian refugees. The order also banned immigrant and non-immigrant entry for 90 days to people from Iraq, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Somalia and Sudan.

Trudeau's government responded to Trump's order by offering those who would normally be allowed into the U.S. the opportunity to apply for temporary status in Canada.

秘鲁总统要求美国驱逐其前任总统

秘鲁总统库琴斯基要求美国总统川普考虑驱逐一名前任秘鲁总统，此人在一项贪污案件的调查受到受贿指控。

秘鲁总统办公室说，驱逐亚历杭德罗•托莱多的要求是库琴斯基星期天在与川普打电话时提出的。秘鲁认为托莱多生活在加利福尼亚州，但秘鲁要使他离开美国面临法律障碍。

白宫确认了此次谈话，但没有提到秘鲁驱逐托莱多的请求，只表示两位领导人讨论了各种其他问题。库琴斯基的办公室说，川普邀请他访问美国。

秘鲁当地媒体报道，托莱多打算周末飞往他妻子有公民身份的以色列。但以色列说，托莱多不在星期天晚上从旧金山飞抵以色列的班机上，以色列也不会让这位前秘鲁领导人入境。

秘鲁法院上周下令逮捕和拘留托莱多。检察官正在调查他是否从一家巴西建筑公司巨头那里收取了2000万美元的款项。

拉丁美洲各地的当局已经开始向被控从这家公司收取近8亿美元贿赂的官员提出起诉。该公司在12月与美国司法部签署认罪协议时承认行贿。

Peru’s President Asked Trump to Deport a Predecessor

Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has asked U.S. President Donald Trump to consider deporting a former Peruvian president sought by the Andean country to face charges of taking bribes in a graft probe.

Kuczynski's office says the request to deport Alejandro Toledo was made Sunday in a phone call with Trump. Peru believes Toledo is living in California, but Lima is facing legal hurdles in getting him out of the country.

The White House confirmed the talk, but did not mention Peru's deportation request, saying the two discussed various other issues. A statement from Kuczynski’s office said Trump invited him to visit the United States.

Local media in Peru reported Toledo had intended to fly over the weekend to Israel where his wife has citizenship. But Israel said Toledo was not on a flight from San Francisco that landed Sunday night, and that the former Peruvian leader would not be allowed into the country.

Last week, a Peruvian court ordered the arrest and detention of Toledo as prosecutors investigate whether he took $20 million in payments from the giant Brazilian construction company Odebrecht.

Authorities across Latin America have been moving to charge officials accused of taking nearly $800 million in bribes from Odebrecht. The company acknowledged the bribes when it signed a plea agreement with the U.S. Justice Department in December.