美司法部提上诉 要求恢复川普旅行限令

美国司法部已经向旧金山的联邦上诉法院提交陈述书，要求恢复川普总统对七个以穆斯林为主的国家的旅行限令。

美国联邦第九巡回上诉法院将从星期二开始听取双方的口头申诉。

司法部指出，旅游限令是“总统合法行使针对外国人进入美国和接纳难民事务的权力”，并称联邦法官下令暂停执行这一禁令是一个错误，而且“极为过分”。

美国有近100家公司、两个州和一群民主党人，包括前国务卿克里和奥尔布赖特都提出了反对禁令的抗辩材料。

民主党人说，这一禁令“考虑不周、执行不当、解释不利。” 他们认为，“这一行政命令将最终破坏美国国家安全秩序，而不是使我们更安全。”这与川普认为旅游限令将加强国家安全的论点相反。

此外，美国有97家科技公司，包括硅谷巨头苹果、脸书、谷歌、微软和推特，都向联邦第九巡回上诉法院提交了陈述书，支持反对旅行限令的诉讼。

这一诉讼很可能会最终递交到美国最高法院。

US Justice Department Files Brief with Appeals Court to Reinstate Trump Travel Ban

The U.S. Justice Department has filed its brief with the federal appeals court in San Francisco on behalf of reinstating President Donald Trump's travel ban from seven Muslim majority countries.

The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals plans to start hearing oral arguments from both sides Tuesday.

The Justice Department's brief contends the ban is a "lawful exercise of the president's authority over the entry of aliens into the United States and the admission of refugees." It calls a federal judge's order suspending the ban an error and "vastly overbroad."

Along with U.S. attorneys, nearly 100 companies, two states and a group of Democrats that include former Secretaries of State John Kerry and Madeleine Albright have filed arguments against the ban.

The Democrats argue it was "ill-conceived, poorly implemented and ill-explained." "We view the order as one that ultimately undermines the national security of the United States rather than making us safer," they argued, in contrast to Trump's arguments that the ban would enhance national security.

In addition, 97 tech companies, including Silicon Valley giants Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter, filed a legal brief late Sunday with the 9th Circuit, supporting the lawsuit against the travel ban.

The case is likely to end up before the U.S. Supreme Court.

川普重申美国对北约的支持

美国总统川普星期一在美军中央司令部总部对驻军发表讲话时重申了美国对北约的支持，同时呼吁各盟国支付他们的份额。

川普说：“我们强力支持北约，我们只是要求所有成员为北约联盟做出充分和适当的财政贡献，而许多国家并没有这样做。”

川普在竞选期间曾说北约已“过时”，并建议美国只有在成员国“履行了他们的义务”后才会提供保护。

川普周一与美国陆、海、空和海军陆战队官兵共进午餐后发表讲话，承诺国家会照顾退伍军人。他说：“我们将对美国的武装部队进行历史性金融投资，向全世界展示，美国与捍卫自由者站在一起。”

川普还誓言“击败激进的伊斯兰恐怖主义”，并阻止它在美国扎根。川普没有具体提到围绕他暂停难民和七个国家的人进入美国的旅行限令的法庭之争，但表示国家需要制定政策，让“爱我们的人”进来，而将那些“想要毁灭我们”的人拒之门外。

Trump Affirms US Support for NATO

U.S. President Donald Trump reaffirmed support for NATO while calling on allies to pay their share as he spoke Monday to troops at the headquarters of the U.S. Central Command. "We strongly support NATO. We only ask that all of the NATO members make their full and proper financial contributions to the NATO alliance, which many of them have not been doing."

Trump said during his campaign for president that NATO was "obsolete" and suggested the U.S. would only come to a member's defense unless they have "fulfilled their obligations."

In his speech Monday, which followed lunch with members of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines, Trump pledged to take care of the country's military veterans. "We will make a historic financial investment in the armed forces of the United States and show the entire world that American stands with those who stand in defense of freedom," he said.

He also vowed to "defeat radical Islamic terrorism" and keep it from taking root in the U.S. Trump did not specifically mention a court battle over his executive order suspending entry to refugees and people from seven nations, but said the country needs policies to let in "people that love us" and keep out people who "want to destroy us."