美国考虑重新把朝鲜列入支持恐怖主义国家名单

白宫国家安全顾问星期四表示，美国正在考虑把朝鲜列入支持恐怖主义国家名单。此举意味着对这个极权主义政府施加更多的财务和外交压力。

美国国务院星期四面临国会规定的最后期限，对几位联邦参议员要求把朝鲜重新列入支持恐怖主义国家名单做出回应。目前，这个名单上的国家只有伊朗、叙利亚和苏丹。

到星期四下午，美国国务院还没有宣布其决定，但是白宫国家安全顾问麦克马斯特将军表示，美国仍在考虑采取这一举措。

在考虑做出这一决定之际，川普总统准备启程对亚洲五国进行访问。预计访问期间朝鲜问题将是主要议题。

朝鲜特工炸毁一架韩国民航航班，导致115人丧生后，美国1988年曾将朝鲜列入支持恐怖国家名单。但是在平壤当局达到一项核裁军协议所规定的若干标准之后，美国在2008年将朝鲜挪出了这个名单。

此后不久，六方朝核谈判破裂，朝鲜宣布这项去核协议无效。自从那时起，朝鲜又实施了5次核试验，并坚持发展其弹道导弹项目，违反了联合国安理会的几项决议。

按照美国法律，只有当一个国家的政府“一再为国际恐怖主义行为提供支持”时，才能把它列入支恐名单。

虽然朝鲜当局被广泛认为是世界上对本国国民压制最深的政府之一，但是其参与国际恐怖主义的行为却不是很明显。

US Considers Reinstating North Korea on Terror Sponsor List

The United States is considering designating North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism, the White House national security adviser said Thursday, a move meant to put additional financial and diplomatic pressure on the totalitarian government.

The State Department faces a congressionally mandated Thursday deadline to respond to several U.S. senators' request that North Korea be returned to the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. Currently, the only countries on the list are Iran, Syria and Sudan.

By Thursday afternoon, the State Department had not announced its decision, but White House National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster said the U.S. was still considering the move.

The decision comes as President Donald Trump prepares to leave for a five-nation tour of Asia, during which North Korea is expected to be a main focus.

The U.S. put North Korea on the terror sponsor list in 1988, after North Korean agents blew up a South Korean civilian airliner, killing 115 people. But Pyongyang was removed in 2008 after they met specific benchmarks related to a nuclear disarmament deal.

The six-party disarmament talks collapsed a short time later, and North Korea declared the nuclear deal void. It has since conducted five more nuclear tests and steadily ramped up its ballistic missile program, in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions.

Under U.S. law, a government must have "repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism" in order to be included on the Sponsors of Terrorism list.

While North Korea is widely regarded as one of the most oppressive governments in the world with respect to its own people, its involvement with international terrorism is less prominent.

伊斯兰国：纽约驾车袭击者是其战士

伊斯兰国声称，塞弗洛·萨伊波夫是他们的战士。这名29岁的乌兹别克移民本周早些时候在纽约市驾驶卡车撞人，导致8人死亡。

这个恐怖组织在该组织的《新闻》周报（Al-Naba）上说，这名袭击者是他们的一名“战士”，但没有提供任何可以支持这一声称的证据。

萨伊波夫通过美国的多元化移民抽签计划合法进入美国，他因星期二开着租来的卡车在自行车道上冲撞，造成多人死伤而受到多项恐怖主义相关的指控。除8人被撞死，另有至少十几人受重伤。

萨伊波夫袭击后被警察开枪打伤，被送到医院治疗。医院官员说，赛波夫表示效忠伊斯兰国，还要求在他的病房里悬挂伊斯兰国旗。他的要求遭到了拒绝。

乌兹别克斯坦总统沙夫卡特·米尔济约耶夫星期三表示，这次袭击是残暴行为，并表示乌兹别克政府随时准备尽全力协助调查。

执法官员指出，萨伊波夫利用租来的卡车袭击的方式跟近些年发生在西方国家的车辆袭击事件类似，这种袭击受到伊斯兰国的鼓励。无党派色彩的研究中心新美国表示，2014年以来，一共发生了15起车辆袭击事件，造成140多人丧生。

纽约马拉松星期天（11月5日）在纽约市举行，这项赛事吸引了5万多人参加、还有观众数十万人。纽约警察局表示，出于必要的谨慎，会在纽约全市增加警力。

IS claims NYC Truck Terrorist is One of Its Soldiers

The Islamic State has claimed Sayfullo Saipov, the 29-year-old Uzbek immigrant who killed eight people in New York City earlier this week with a truck, as one of its own.

The terrorist group said in Al-Naba, the group's weekly newspaper, that the attacker was one of its "soldiers," but did not provide any evidence to support its claim.

Saipov, who came to the United States legally through the diversity lottery visa program, faces numerous terrorism related charges in connection with Tuesday's deadly rampage down a New York City bicycle path in a rented truck. In addition to the eight people who were killed, a dozen more were seriously injured.

Saipov was wounded by a police officer after the attack and was taken to a hospital. Hospital officials said the attacker stated his allegiance to IS and asked to have an IS flag in his hospital room. His request was denied.

Uzbekistan's president, Shavkat Mirziyoyev, said Wednesday the attack was ruthless and cruel, and that his government stood ready to use all means to assist in the investigation.

Law enforcement officials had noted that Saipov's method of using a rented truck was similar to IS-inspired vehicle attacks in other Western countries in recent years. New America, a nonpartisan research center, said 15 vehicular attacks have been carried out since 2014, killing more than 140 people.

With the New York City Marathon due to attract more than 50,000 runners and many hundreds of thousands of spectators this Sunday, the New York Police Department said it would increase the number of officers throughout the city "out of an abundance of caution."