美国会谈判通过至九月的联邦预算

美国国会谈判人员星期天晚间达成1万亿美元的开支计划，批准了九月底以前联邦政府的运转资金。这项协议包括对共和民主两党都有吸引力的内容，如果获得参议院和众议院的批准，该法案将成为川普总统执政期间第一个重要的跨党派议案。

国会议员助手们表示，预算法案包括15亿美元用于边境安全，但将用于川普总统力主修建美墨边境隔离墙以外的项目。

川普总统也有斩获，他推动增加军费开支，获得多达150亿美元的增长。

国会必须批准这项开支法案，川普总统需要在本周五前签署，这样才能避免政府关门。

国会议员们此前已批准一项短期开支措施，避免了上周六开始可能出现的政府关门。下一轮预算之争将是10月1日开始的2018财年预算案。

Congressional Negotiators Agree to Fund Government through September

U.S. congressional negotiators came to an agreement late Sunday on a $1 trillion spending package that would fund the federal government through September. The deal includes pieces that appeal to both Republicans and Democrats, and if passed by the Senate and House of Representatives would represent the first major bipartisan legislation under President Donald Trump.

Congressional aides said there will be $1.5 billion for border security, but that the money is marked for purposes other than the wall that Trump has championed for the U.S.-Mexico border.

The president did, however, win as much as $15 billion in his push to boost military spending.

Congress must approve the spending bill and Trump needs to sign it before Friday in order to avoid a government shutdown.

Lawmakers already passed a short-term spending measure to avert a shutdown that was due to have begun Saturday. The next round of budget battles would then be about the 2018 fiscal year, which begins October 1st.
美国南部和中西部龙卷风洪水造成至少14人丧生

席卷美国南部德克萨斯、阿肯色、密苏里和密西西比州的龙卷风和风暴已经造成至少14人丧生。

德克萨斯州东部灾情最为严重，一系列龙卷风造成至少4人丧生，导致官员们所称的一系列“广泛的破坏”。

有关当局表示，这4人都是在达拉斯以东一个地区丧生的。当地消防部门说，另外至少有50人受伤。

在邻近的阿肯色州，有关当局表示，至少有5人丧生。

据警方报告，一名65岁的妇女在阿肯色州德威特被倒下的大树砸死。在斯普林戴尔社区，一名10岁的女孩被洪水卷走而丧生。

警方还在搜索另外两名失踪的儿童，他们可能在一辆被洪水冲走的汽车里。

密苏里州高速公路巡逻队表示，一名72岁的老妪星期六因汽车被水冲走而被淹死。她的丈夫曾经努力救她，但是未果。

在密西西比州，一人据报在杜兰特因一棵树倾倒砸到一所住宅而丧生。

密西西比州紧急情况管理部表示，周末的风暴导致停电，一度影响到该州2万3千人。

Tornados, Flooding Kill at Least 14 in US South, Midwest

At least 14 people have died as tornadoes and storms swept through the southern U.S. states of Texas, Arkansas, Missouri and Mississippi.

East Texas was the worst hit, with a series of tornadoes there killing at least four people and leaving a trail of what officials called "extensive damage."

All four deaths were in an area east of Dallas, authorities said. At least 50 other people were injured, the local fire department said.

In neighboring Arkansas, at least five people are dead, authorities said.

A 65-year-old woman was killed by a falling tree in DeWitt, Arkansas, according to police. In the community of Springdale, a 10-year-old girl was swept away by floodwaters and killed.

Police also were searching for two missing children who may have been in a car swept away by floodwaters.

The Missouri Highway Patrol says a 72-year-old woman drowned despite her husband's efforts to save her as their vehicle was swept away by rushing waters Saturday.

In Mississippi, one person was reported dead in Durant after a tree fell on a house.

Storms in the state at one point over the weekend left 23,000 people without power, the Mississippi Department of Emergency Management said.