越南加大反腐力度一前政治局委员落马

越南第一次逮捕一位前政治局委员的行动显示打击腐败的力度加大，一方面是对日益不满的民众一个交代，同时也为了保护快速经济增长。

越南媒体说，警方12月初逮捕了前越南共产党中央政治局委员丁罗升，罪名是他在越南国家油气集团（PetroVietnam）担任党委书记期间涉嫌犯罪。

今年5月被落选政治局委员的丁罗升成为越南当局在2017年打击腐败的行动中又一个落马的国有公司高管。专家说，这是当局对公众有关腐败提出批评的回应，同时也是为了保护2012年以来的6%年增长率。

57岁的丁罗升是越南“政治牺牲品”中级别最高的官员。他被指控故意违反有关经济管理的国家规定，造成严重后果。他还涉嫌对油气集团管理不善。

Vietnam Widens Crackdown amid Public

Vietnam's first move to prosecute a former politburo member widens the country's crackdown against graft to appease a restless public and protect fast economic growth.

Police arrested former lawmaker and Communist Party official Dinh La Thang earlier this month over crimes he is suspected of committing as board chairman of the giant state-run oil firm PetroVietnam, Vietnamese news media say.

The man who was voted out of the ruling Communist Party’s politburo in May joins a list of other officials in state firms who authorities are targeting in an extensive 2017 anti-graft campaign. The campaign is aimed at easing public criticism of corruption and protecting economic growth of about 6 percent per year since 2012, experts say.

Thang, 57, is Vietnam’s most high-profile “political casualty” in a broader anti-corruption effort. He is charged with “deliberate violation of state regulations on economic management, causing serious consequences” over suspected violations and mismanagement at the oil firm.

洛杉矶历史最久医院入不敷出悄然关闭

美国洛杉矶一家157年建立的历史最久的医院关闭。这家医院也是当地华人社区的一个重要支柱。

这座在洛杉矶被人称为“法国医院”的太平洋联盟医疗中心悄然关闭，没有举行任何仪式。很多新到美国的亚洲移民和年迈的华人感到震惊和伤心。

《洛杉矶时报》说，这家医院一直亏损，拿不出修复地震损坏设施所需的1亿美元。加利福尼亚州法律要求必须修复这些设施方能继续使用。

太平洋联盟医疗中心1860年开始治疗病人，当时大部分病人是法国裔，因而被称为法国医院。

到了19世纪和20世纪，很多新到美国的华人移民在医院周围定居，这个地方很快被称为唐人街或中国城。

法国医院很快成为中国城不可分割的一部分，为好几代人提供服务。医院餐厅的菜单上有亚洲菜肴，医院还为社区的青年和少年体育队以及其它活动提供赞助和支持。

中国城的活动人士说，医院关闭将严重影响一些老年人。他们一直可以走路到医院接受简单诊治，并接受一些免费的医疗卫生常识培训。

Los Angeles' Oldest Hospital, Popular with Asians, Closes Its Doors

The oldest hospital in Los Angeles and a major pillar in the city's large Chinese community has shut its doors after 157 years.

The Pacific Alliance Medical Center -- better known in the city as French Hospital -- closed down with little notice or ceremony, leaving its clientele of newly arrived Asian immigrants and elderly Chinese stunned and saddened.

According to The Los Angeles Times, the hospital has been losing money and cannot afford the $100 million in earthquake renovations required by California state law.

The hospital began treating patients in 1860 and was called the French Hospital because the majority of its patients were French.

As the 19th century moved into the 20th, newly-arrived Chinese immigrants settled in the neighborhood around the hospital and the area soon became known as Chinatown.

French Hospital grew into an indispensable part of Chinatown, serving generations of families. The cafeteria featured an Asian menu and the hospital sponsored youth sports teams and many community events.

Chinatown activists say seniors are going to be severely affected by the closing. Many were able to walk to the facility for simple medical care and free health classes.

They also worry about the more than 600 people who are now out of a job and have reached out to city leaders to find a way to keep the hospital operating.