美议员被告知：几乎所有无证移民都可能成为被驱逐对象

美国国会议员说，一名政府移民官员告诉他们，几乎所有无证移民都可能成为被逮捕和驱逐出境的对象。

代理移民暨海关执法局长托马斯·贺曼星期四在国会山与10名民主党议员会面。来自德克萨斯州的民主党众议员朱利安·卡斯特罗说，会谈结束后很难相信“川普政府不会把执法目标尽可能扩大。”

卡斯特罗说，唯一的例外是符合“童年入境暂缓遣返”计划（DACA）的人，也就是在小时候来到美国，并受到前总统奥巴马建立的这一计划保护的移民。

卡斯特罗说, “他们唯一犹豫的是要不要把DACA计划的受益人也算在内。除此之外，对他们来说，剩下每个人都是执法对象。”

川普总统上任后第一个星期发布了行政命令，为扩大移民法执法奠定了基础。行政令指出，“许多非法入境，和那些逾期居留或违反签证规定的外国人对美国国家安全和公共安全构成重大威胁。”

参加星期四会议的国会议员们表示，在上周的行动中被逮捕的686名无证移民中，有120人没有犯罪记录。

移民暨海关执法局说，在“有针对性”的执法行动中，移民官员经常遇到可能违反联邦移民法的其他嫌疑人。执法局说，“这些人将根据具体情况评估，并在适当时由执法局逮捕。”

只有10名民主党人获准参加与移民暨海关执法局代理局长的会议，其他几人被要求离开。

Members of US Congress Told Almost All Undocumented Immigrants 'Fair Game'

Members of Congress said a government immigration official told them that almost all undocumented immigrants are “fair game” for arrest and deportation.

Acting Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Director Thomas Homan met with 10 Democratic representatives on Thursday on Capitol Hill. Afterwards, Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-TX) said it was hard to leave the meeting and believe “the Trump administration is not going to target as many immigrants as possible.”

Castro said the only exception was Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients-- immigrants who came to the United States at a young age and have been protected under a program established by former President Barack Obama.

“The only hesitation they seem to have was whether they would go after DACA recipients … Aside from that, everybody else is fair game for them,” Castro said.

President Donald Trump issued an executive order in his first week in office that set the stage for broader immigration enforcement.

“Many aliens who illegally enter the United States and those who overstay or otherwise violate the terms of their visas present a significant threat to national security and public safety,” the order says.

Members of Congress from Thursday’s meeting said out of the 686 undocumented immigrants arrested during last week’s round-up, 120 did not have criminal records.

ICE said during “targeted” enforcement operations officers frequently encounter additional suspects who may be in violation of federal immigration laws. “Those persons will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis and, when appropriate, arrested by ICE,” the agency said.

Only 10 Democrats were allowed to attend the meeting with ICE’s acting director, while several others were asked to leave.

川普在记者会上捍卫政绩 批评媒体

美国总统川普在他上任以来首次举行的个人新闻发布会上历数了他第一个月的政绩，否认白宫内部出现混乱的报道，并坚持他的政府运作“像一部运转精准的机器"。

新闻发布会持续了超过75分钟，时而充满火药味，时而滑稽。川普则边开玩笑，边对聚集在白宫东厅的媒体记者们大发议论。

川普历数他一个月来取得的成就，包括美国从跨太平洋伙伴关系协议撤出，冻结联邦政府招聘，以及取消一些政府法规等。

川普说，“我们取得了令人难以置信的进步，”他说，“我认为没有哪个总统在上任这么短的时间内做了我们所做的。”

川普坚持认为，如果不是他的前任总统奥巴马留下的“烂摊子”，他本可以完成更多的任务。他说，“我接了一个烂摊子，一团糟。国内国外都很糟糕。”
川普还对媒体发难，这似乎已成了他公开露面时不可缺少的一幕。他指责媒体淡化他的成就，制造“假新闻”，以损害他的政府。他说，“媒体老实说已经失控了。不诚实已经到了失控的地步。”

本周，国家安全顾问迈克尔·弗林被曝他在总统过渡期与俄罗斯官员的对话问题上误导了白宫官员。

川普还遇到了与他的一项行政命令相关的一系列法律挫折。该命令要求暂时禁止来自七个以穆斯林为主国家的移民，并暂停难民计划。

川普还否认了有关他的竞选团队成员在大选期间与俄罗斯官员联系的新闻报道。

一些美国情报官员已经得出俄罗斯介入美国2016年总统大选的结论，认为俄罗斯这样做可能是有意帮助川普胜选。川普否认了这样的说法。

Trump Defends Accomplishments, Attacks Media at Press Conference

Donald Trump used his first solo press conference as president to deliver a broad defense of his turbulent first month in office, denying reports of chaos within the White House and insisting his administration is running “like a fine-tuned machine.”

The press conference, which lasted over 75 minutes, was at turns combative and comical, with Trump alternately joking with and then lecturing the media gathered in the White House East Room.

Trump touted a long list of what he said were accomplishments, including withdrawing the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, implementing a federal government hiring freeze, and eliminating government regulations.

“We have made incredible progress,” Trump said. “I don’t think there’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what we’ve done.”

But Trump insisted he could have accomplished more were it not for what he termed the “mess” left by his predecessor, former President Barack Obama. “I inherited a mess. It’s a mess. At home and abroad, a mess,” he said.

In what has become a standard part of the president’s public appearances, Trump also took aim at the news media, which he accused of downplaying his accomplishments and making up “fake news” in order to damage his administration. “The press honestly is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control,” he said.

This week, National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was ousted after it was revealed that he misled White House officials about the nature of his conversations with Russian officials during the presidential transition period.

Trump has also suffered a steady stream of legal setbacks related to his executive order temporarily banning immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries and shutting down the refugee program.

Trump also dismissed news reports suggesting members of his campaign were in touch with Russian officials during the presidential election.

Some U.S. intelligence officials have concluded Russia intervened in the 2016 presidential election, possibly with the intention of helping Trump win. Trump has rejected those claims.