数百名试图进入欧洲的非洲移民在北非与警察发生冲突

西班牙和摩洛哥官员说，至少有8百名撒哈拉以南地区的非洲人星期天试图从摩洛哥突破边界围栏，进入西班牙在北非沿海的自治城市休达。

这些非洲人试图用石块和铁棍冲击围栏，在冲突中五名西班牙警察和50名摩洛哥警察受伤，有10人伤势严重。

西班牙政府说，有两个非洲人获准进入休达接受治疗。其余的人被送回摩洛哥。

休达和西班牙在北非的另一个自治城市梅利利亚经常被非洲移民做为进入欧洲，寻求更好生活的跳板。大多数人最后都被抓住并遣送回摩洛哥。

人权组织批评西班牙不该直接将这些非洲移民送回摩洛哥。他们说，没有经过遣返程序就把他们送走，等于是剥夺了这些人寻求避难的机会。

国际移民组织说，2016年有近5千人在前往欧洲途中葬身地中海，是死亡人数最高的一年。

Hundreds of African Migrants Seeking Entry Into Europe Clash with Police in Northern Africa

At least 800 sub-Saharan African migrants stormed a border fence Sunday between Morocco and Ceuta, an autonomous Spanish city on the northern coast of Africa, according to Spanish and Moroccan officials.

Five Spanish and 50 Moroccan police were injured, ten seriously, as they clashed with migrants who tried to break through the fence using rocks and metal bars.

The Spanish government said two of the migrants were allowed to enter Ceuta for treatment at a local hospital. The rest were returned to Morocco.

Ceuta and Melilla, another Spanish city in northern Africa, are frequently used as entry points into Europe for African migrants, who are in search of a better life. Most who try to cross the border are apprehended and returned to Morocco.

Human rights groups have criticized Spain for returning migrants to Morocco. They have argued that bypassing the longer deportation procedures, migrants are deprived the chance to claim asylum.

The International Organization for Migration said there were nearly 5,000 deaths in the Mediterranean in 2016, making it the deadliest year ever for migrants.

以色列拒绝交出哈马斯激进分子的遗体

以色列安全内阁星期天决定，不把以色列军队打死的哈马斯激进分子的遗体交给他们的亲属，而是由以色列来埋葬。

安全内阁做出这个决定之前，哈马斯组织公布了一段视频嘲弄2014年在加沙被打死的以色列军人奥伦·绍尔。奥伦·绍尔和另一名以色列军人哈达尔·戈尔登的遗体都在哈马斯手中。哈马斯拒绝交还他们的遗体。

这段视频用嘲弄的形式为奥伦·绍尔庆祝生日，视频里有生日蛋糕，摇篮曲，还有戴着以色列总理内塔尼亚胡面具的小丑。

哈马斯对以色列的决定尚未做出回应。

以色列安全内阁开会讨论了如何追讨这两名军人的遗体，以及去年自行进入哈马斯控制的加沙地带并遭到拘押的另外两名以色列人。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡的办公室说，内阁已经制定出了一项计划，要把这些以色列人带回来，但是没有提供计划细节。

Israel to Refuse to Return Bodies of Hamas Terrorists

Israel's security cabinet decided Sunday not to return the bodies of Hamas terrorists killed by Israeli forces to their families, but that the state of Israel itself would bury the remains.

The cabinet made its decision after Hamas posted a video mocking Israeli soldier Oron Shaul who was killed in Gaza in 2014. Hamas took custody of his body and that of a second soldier, Hadar Goldin. Hamas has refused to surrender the bodies.

The video shows a mock birthday party for Shaul, complete with a cake, a baby's lullaby, and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's face superimposed on a clown.

There has been no reaction so far from Hamas.

Israel's security cabinet met to talk about how to retrieve the bodies of the two soldiers and two other Israelis who are being held captive after crossing into Hamas-controlled Gaza on their own last year.

Netanyahu's office says the cabinet came up with a plan to bring back the Israelis, but gave no details.