白宫：邀请杜特尔特是孤立朝鲜战略一部分

面对国际社会的愤怒反应，美国总统川普的发言人表示，做出邀请菲律宾独裁总统杜特尔特以及其他东亚国家领导人访问白宫，是孤立朝鲜战略的组成部分。

白宫发言人斯派塞星期一说，“这是与该地区国家进行合作的机会，这些国家在外交和经济上孤立朝鲜方面可以发挥作用。坦率地讲，美国的利益，我国民众以及该地区民众的安全是川普总统最优先考虑的问题。”

上周末在电话交谈中，川普总统邀请泰国、新加坡和菲律宾领导人访问美国。但是邀请极具争议的杜特尔特来访却在国会山引发了震动，并激怒了全球的人权组织。

Duterte Invitation 'Part of a Strategy to Isolate North Korea,' White House Says

In the face of international outrage, U.S. President Donald Trump's spokesman says the decision to invite authoritarian Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and other East Asian leaders to the White House is part of a strategy to isolate North Korea.

"It is an opportunity to work with countries in that region who can help play a role in diplomatically and economically isolating North Korea," said White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday. "And frankly the national interests of the United States, the safety of our people and the safety of people in the region are the number one priorities of the president."

In telephone conversations over the weekend, Trump invited the leaders of Thailand, Singapore and the Philippines to visit. But it was the invitation to the firebrand Duterte that touched off shock waves on Capitol Hill and infuriated the global human rights community.

美国务院发布欧洲旅行警报

美国国务院就其所称的“欧洲各地面临恐怖袭击的持续威胁”发布旅行警报。

今年9月1日到期的此项警报，引述了最近在法国、俄罗斯、瑞典和英国发生的事件。国务院表示，这些事件显示伊斯兰国、基地组织或者其他实施这些袭击的人具备的能力。

旅行警报说，“美国公民应当继续对恐怖分子同情者或者自我激进的极端分子，在事先很少警告或者没有警告的情况下实施袭击的可能性保持警惕” 。

旅行警报进一步说，极端分子针对的是旅游地区、交通枢纽、市场和当地的政府建筑。

美国国务院会基于旅行者应当知晓的短期事件发出旅行警报。旅行警报的严重性低于旅行警告。国务院发出旅行警告，是为了让人们“非常认真地考虑”是否应当访问一个国家。

State Department Issues Europe Travel Alert

The U.S. State Department has issued a travel alert for what it called the "continued threat of terrorist attacks throughout Europe."

The alert, which expires September 1, cites recent incidents in France, Russia, Sweden and Britain that the State Department says show the ability of Islamic state, al-Qaida or others to carry out attacks.

"U.S. citizens should always be alert to the possibility that terrorist sympathizers or self-radicalized extremists may conduct attacks with little or no warning," the alert says.

It further states that extremists focus on tourist areas, transportation hubs, markets and local government facilities.

The State Department issues travel alerts for short-term events it thinks travelers should know about. An alert is less severe than a travel warning, which the department issues to direct people to "consider very carefully" whether they should visit a country at all.