美国上诉法庭拒绝按川普的要求暂时搁置旅行禁令案

美国一个联邦上诉法院拒绝了川普政府希望暂时搁置总统旅行禁令的案件，直到发布新的行政命令的要求。

旧金山第九巡回上诉法院的三名法官没有为他们星期一的决定给出任何理由。

同一法院维持了一项下级法院暂停川普旅行限令的裁决，该行政令暂时禁止来自七个穆斯林占多数的国家的游客和难民。这七个国家是伊朗、伊拉克、利比亚、索马里、苏丹、叙利亚和也门。

白宫发言人斯派塞周一在被问到如果川普总统计划发布新的移民行政命令，为什么还要坚持对上诉法院的裁决提出质疑时回答说：“新的行政命令是要努力解决法院的担心，但目标显然与我们第一次所做的相同，因为我们相信法律非常清楚地给予总统他所需要的权力来保护这个国家。”

上诉法院质疑旅行禁令是否符合宪法。一些法律专家预测，此案可能最终要到联邦最高法院来裁决。

川普总统1月27日的行政命令在美国和世界各地的机场造成混乱。入境官对于哪些人可以获准入境以及哪些人应被拒绝入境感到困惑，虽然很多旅行者都持有赴美签证。

US Appeals Court Rejects Trump Request to Put Travel Ban Case on Hold

A U.S. federal appeals court has turned down the Trump administration's request to put its travel ban case on hold until the president issues a new executive order.

Three judges of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco gave no reason for their decision Monday.

The same court upheld a lower court decision suspending Trump's executive order temporarily banning travelers and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries -- Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen.

White House spokesman Sean Spicer was asked Monday why the administration is insisting on challenging the appeals court's ruling if President Trump plans to issue a new executive order on immigration. "While the new executive order attempts to address the court's concerns that they made, the goal is obviously to maintain the way that we did it the first time because we believe the law is very clear about giving the president the authority that he needs to protect the country," Spicer said.

The appeals court questioned the constitutionality of the travel ban. Some legal experts predict the case could wind up before the Supreme Court.

Trump's January 27 executive order created chaos in airports both in the U.S. and around the world. Immigration officers were confused as to who could be let in and who should be kept out even though many travelers had visas.

马来西亚将就金正男暗杀案提出指控

马来西亚司法部长说，因杀害朝鲜领导人金正恩的同父异母兄弟金正男而被捕的两名女子将于星期三受到谋杀指控。

这两名嫌疑人是印度尼西亚的茜蒂·艾莎（Siti Aisyah）和越南籍的段氏香（Doan Thi Huong），她们都表示，以为自己参加的是电视恶作剧。她们面临的指控可被处以死刑。

今年2月13日，金正男在吉隆坡机场遭到两名女子向他脸上涂抹马来西亚当局所说的VX神经毒剂，不久后身亡。机场的安全摄像捕捉到的袭击画面显示，金正男与警察交谈，然后并被送去就医。涉案的第三人、一名朝鲜人也被警方拘留。当局还确认另有七名朝鲜人为应受到问讯的嫌疑人。

朝鲜政府没有明确表示遇害者是金正恩。包括朝鲜前驻联合国副代表李同一在内的一个高级代表团星期二前往吉隆坡，要求马来西亚当局返还金正男南遗体并释放在押的朝鲜人。

金正男是金正恩的兄长。金正男曾被认为是领导朝鲜的继承人，但他在2001年试图以伪造护照进入日本参观迪斯尼乐园后，失去了他们的父亲、已故朝鲜领导人金正日的信任。

从那以后，金正男基本处于流亡之中，主要住在中国的澳门。

Malaysia to File Murder Charges in North Korean's Killing

Malaysia's attorney general says two women arrested in connection with the killing of the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will be charged Wednesday with murder.

The two suspects, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, have said they thought they were participating in a television prank show. The charges they will face carry the death penalty.

Kim Jong Nam died February 13 shortly after two women smeared what Malaysian authorities say was VX nerve agent on his face at a Kuala Lumpur airport. The attack was captured on the airport's security cameras, which showed Kim talking with police and being taken to a medical unit.

A third person, a North Korean, is also in police custody. Authorities have also identified seven more North Koreans as suspects wanted for questioning.

North Korea's government has not said positively that the man killed was Kim Jong Nam. A high-level delegation that included Ri Tong Il, North Korea's former deputy ambassador to the United Nations, traveled Tuesday to Kuala Lumpur to seek the return of the body and the release of the North Korean who is being held.

Kim Jong Nam was the older estranged brother of Kim Jong Un. Kim Jong Nam was once considered the heir apparent to lead North Korea, but he fell out of favor with their father, the late dictator Kim Jong Il, after a failed 2001 attempt to enter Japan on a forged passport to visit Disneyland. Since then, Kim Jong Nam had lived in virtual exile, primarily in the Chinese territory of Macau.