俄罗斯警方确认地铁自杀炸弹袭击嫌疑人

国际文传电讯社报道，俄罗斯当局已经确认一名在圣彼得堡星期一发生的地铁致命爆炸袭击中的嫌疑人。

文传社报道说，警方目前认为这是一次自杀式爆炸袭击，并确认涉嫌凶手是一名来自中亚的23岁男子。

报道援引警方的话说，嫌疑人背着装在背包里的炸弹登上地铁。

圣彼得堡是俄罗斯第二大城市，这次袭击造成至少11人丧生，50人受伤。袭击的破坏力大到足以穿透地铁车厢厚厚的铁门。目前没有人声称对袭击事件负责。

俄罗斯一家电视台的画面显示，吓坏的乘客们匆匆路过躺在站台上的遇难者和伤员，许多人捂着脸，避免吸入浓烟。

警察在另一个圣彼得堡地铁站台上解除了藏在灭火器里的另一个炸弹。该市整个地铁系统星期一大部分时间关闭。莫斯科则对其地铁系统采取了所谓的“附加安全措施”。

圣彼得堡的官员宣布哀悼三天。俄罗斯总统普京星期一恰好在他的家乡圣彼得堡与白俄罗斯总统亚历山大·卢卡申科会晤。普京带着鲜花来到地铁站，那里不断有人在一处纪念物前献花和蜡烛。

美国总统川普称这次爆炸是“极为可恶的事情”。联合国秘书长安东尼奥·古特雷斯的发言人表示：“对那些制造这一令人震惊事件的肇事者必须绳之以法。”

Russian Police Identify Suspected Suicide Bomber

Russian authorities have identified a suspect in Monday's deadly subway bombing in St. Petersburg, the Interfax news agency reports.

Interfax says police now believe it was a suicide bombing, and they identify the alleged bomber as a 23-year-old man from Central Asia.

The news agency quotes police who say he carried the bomb aboard the train in a backpack.

No one has claimed responsibility for the attack in Russia's second-largest city that killed at least 11, injured 50 and was powerful enough to blow a hole through the thick medal doors of a subway car.

A Russia TV station’s footage showed dead and wounded lying on a station platform, as horrified passengers rushed by, many of them covering their faces to avoid the thick smoke.

Police defused another bomb hidden inside a fire extinguisher at a second St. Petersburg station. The city's entire subway was shut down for much of Monday. Moscow took what it called "additional security measures" on its metro.

Officials in St. Petersburg have declared three days of mourning. Russian President Vladimir Putin happened to be in his hometown of St. Petersburg Monday for a meeting with Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. Putin brought flowers to the subway station, where a memorial of flowers and candles grows.

U.S. President Donald Trump calls the blast an "absolutely terrible thing," while a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said "those responsible for this appalling act must be held accountable."

川普总统把第一季度工资捐给国家公园管理局

美国总统川普兑现了竞选诺言之一，把他今年第一季度的工资捐给了国家公园管理局。

白宫发言人斯派塞星期一在白宫例行记者会上向内政部长津克递交了一张数额为78,333.32美元的支票。

由亿万富商当选为总统的川普曾许下诺言说，他不拿总统工资。按照法律，他必须领取薪水，所以他如今把钱捐了出去。美国纳税人可以用这类捐赠抵税，有可能减少个人所得税。

这笔捐款也许是一种讲和礼。国家公园管理局的推特曾引起川普不满。那些推特照片把参加川普总统就职典礼的人群跟当年参加奥巴马总统就职典礼的人群进行了对照，让川普的观礼人数相形见绌。

国家公园管理局由内政部领导。按照川普的预算方案，内政部经费将被砍掉10亿多美元。

这笔慈善捐款并没有让川普环境政策的批评者开心。环保组织塞拉俱乐部称这是“做戏”。

塞拉俱乐部说：“如果唐纳德·川普真的有意帮助我们的公园，他应该试图停止把它们的经费大砍到历史最低水平。”

不过，内政部长津克说，总统的捐款决定让他感到“兴奋”。他说，他会用这笔钱来帮助支付国家公园25处战场遗址长期推迟的维修工作。在这些遗址，那些尚未解决的维修项目的费用大约总计2亿2千9百万美元。

Trump Donates First Quarter Salary to National Park Service

U.S. President Donald Trump has followed up on one of his campaign promises and donated his salary for the first quarter of the year to the National Park Service.

White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Monday presented Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke with a check for $78,333,32, during a press briefing at the White House.

A billionaire businessman turned president, Trump had promised to forgo his presidential salary. By law he must be paid, so he is donating the money. U.S. taxpayers can write off such donations, potentially lowering their income taxes.

The gift may be a peace offering of sorts. Trump has tangled with the parks agency over its tweets, which unfavorably compared the size of his inauguration crowd with that of Barack Obama's.

The National Park Service is part of the Department of the Interior, whose budget Trump has proposed cutting by more than $1 billion.

The charitable action did not appease the critics of Trump's environmental policies. The Sierra Club environmental group called it a "stunt."

"If Donald Trump is actually interested in helping our parks, he should stop trying to slash their budgets to historically low levels," it said.

But Zinke said he's "thrilled'' at the president's decision to give money to an Interior agency. He said he will use the money to help pay for long-deferred maintenance projects on the nation's 25 battlefields. Outstanding maintenance projects on those sites amount to about $229 million.