塞尔维亚与科索沃紧张加剧

塞尔维亚总统说，如果有必要，将派遣军队到科索沃保护那里的塞尔维亚公民。

在此之前， 一列塞尔维亚开往科索沃的列车车身上写着“科索沃是塞尔维亚的”，星期六这列火车在边境被阻拦不得进入科索沃，随后双方开始相互言辞抨击。

美国驻科索沃大使德拉维发推文说，他对于火车事件感到担忧。德拉维呼吁各方保持克制，他还说塞尔维亚和科索沃需要的是“正常化而不是冲突”。

塞尔维亚总统尼科利奇说，两国处于冲突的边缘。科索沃总理告诉媒体，这辆火车“传递的是占领的信息”

星期六这趟火车是1998年以来从塞尔维亚首都开往科索沃北部城市米特罗维察的首班火车。据报道，这列火车后来开回了贝尔格莱德。

Tensions between Kosovo and Serbia flare

Serbia's president says the country is ready to send troops to Kosovo to protect Serbian nationals, if necessary.

The comment Sunday followed a war of words that erupted between Kosovo and Serbia officials when a train painted with the words "Kosovo is Serbia" was stopped Saturday from entering Kosovo.

The United States ambassador in Pristina Greg Delawie said on Twitter that he was concerned about the train issue. Delawie called “for restraint from all parties,” adding “Need normalization not confrontation” between Serbia and Kosovo

Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic said the two countries were on the verge of a conflict, while Kosovo’s prime minister told journalists the train “sent a message of occupation.”

Saturday's ride was the first from Belgrade, the Serbian capital, to the northern Kosovo town of Mitrovica since the 1998 war. Reports say the train later returned to Belgrade.

吉尔吉斯斯坦坠机造成30多人死亡

一架土耳其货物运输机星期一早上在吉尔吉斯斯坦主要机场附近坠毁，造成32人死亡，包括儿童。

吉尔吉斯斯坦官员说，当时这架运输机试图在浓雾中降落，坠毁在一个人口稠密的区域。死者中至少有15个人当时在地面上，还有四名飞行员。

这架波音747当地时间上午7点半左右坠毁在吉尔吉斯斯坦首都比什凯克25公里外的玛纳斯机场附近的居民区。

机场人员说，这架运输机是从香港飞往伊斯坦布尔的，中途准备在玛纳斯机场停留。

飞机坠毁导致当地至少15座民房被毁坏，事故导致玛纳斯机场关闭。

More Than 30 People Killed in Plane Crash in Kyrgyzstan

A Turkish cargo plane crashed near Kyrgyzstan's main airport early Monday, killing 32 people, including children.

At least 15 of those killed were on the ground, as the jet went down in a populated area while attempting to land in thick fog, Kyrgyz authorities said. Among the dead are the plane's four pilots.

The Boeing 747 crashed into homes in Dacha-Suu village near Manas airport, about 25 kilometers north of the capital, Bishkek at about 7:30 am local time (0130 GMT).

According to the airport administration, the plane was making a stopover at Manas on its way from Hong Kong to Istanbul, Turkey.

The crash damaged at least 15 houses in the village. The Manas airport has been closed.