美印领导人保证 加强安全增进贸易

美国总统川普和印度总理莫迪保证，要共同努力，加强安全，增进贸易纽带。

白宫星期一晚上发表声明说，美印两国“期待在最紧密的盟友和美国合作伙伴关系的层次上，加强在先进国防设备和技术方面的合作。”

来访的印度总理莫迪称，他与川普总统的会谈“非常成功，硕果累累”，两人分别发表声明后，莫迪在玫瑰园给了川普一个他特有的熊抱。

两位领导人没有接受在场的几十名白宫和印度随行记者的提问。

莫迪还宣布，双方要加强反恐合作，包括增加情报信息的分享。

莫迪说：“川普总统和我的首要任务都是要保护我们的社会不受恐怖主义等全球性挑战的威胁，我们的目标是让印度和美国这两个世界上伟大的民主国家变得更强大。”

美国总统川普说，印度和美国可以为世界上很多国家树立榜样，在打击共同威胁方面取得长足进步。

川普总统说：“我们会彻底摧毁伊斯兰恐怖主义。”

US, India Leaders Pledge to Boost Security, Trade Ties

U.S. President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are pledging to work together to boost security and trade ties.

The two countries “look forward to working together on advanced defense equipment and technology at a level commensurate with that of the closest allies and partners of the United States,” the White House said in a statement issued Monday evening.

Declaring his talks with the president “very successful and very fruitful,” the visiting Indian prime minister gave his host a trademark bear hug in the Rose Garden at the conclusion of their respective statements.

They did not take questions from the dozens of White House correspondents and visiting Indian reporters.

Modi also announced increased cooperation on fighting terrorism, including enhanced sharing of intelligence.

“The top priority for both President Trump and I is to protect our societies from global challenges like terrorism, and our aim is to strengthen India and the United States, the two great democracies of the world,” Modi said alongside Trump.

The U.S. president said New Delhi and Washington can set an example for many other nations and make great strides in defeating common threats.

“We will destroy radical Islamic terrorism,” said the president.

联合国宣布哥伦比亚冲突正式结束

联合国宣布，哥伦比亚政府军和哥伦比亚革命武装力量之间的冲突星期一正式结束。此前，哥武完成了上缴武器，解除武装的工作。

联合国监督人员说，除了极少数用于农村地区遣散营保安的武器外，他们已将“哥伦比亚革命武装力量所有注册的个人武器全部封存”。

哥伦比亚总统桑托斯和哥武指挥官季莫申科星期二将在其中一个营地举行正式仪式，标志着武装冲突的结束。

哥伦比亚政府和哥武反政府武装去年签署和平协议，结束了50多年来针对一连串哥伦比亚政府的反叛活动，期间共有20多万人丧生。

根据协议，反政府武装的很多成员都可以免受牢狱之灾，向平民生活过度，哥伦比亚革命武装力量也将转型为一个政党。

哥伦比亚政府也已经同哥伦比亚第二大反政府武装“哥伦比亚民族解放军”开启了和平谈判。

UN Declares Formal End to Fighting in Colombia

The United Nations declared the war between Colombia and FARC rebels formally over Monday after the rebels completed their disarmament.

U.N. monitors say they have "the entirety of the FARC's registered individual arms stored away," except for a handful of weapons being used for security at rural demobilization camps.

Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC commander Timochenko will hold a formal ceremony marking the end of the fighting at one of those camps Tuesday.

Colombia and the FARC rebels signed a peace accord last year, ending more than 50 years of an uprising against a series of Colombian governments, killing more than 200,000 people.

As part of the accord, many of the former rebels will avoid prison as they transition into civilian life, and FARC will transform itself into a political party.

The government also has opened peace talks with the country's second rebel group, the National Liberation Army.