墨西哥南部8.1级引发小规模海啸

墨西哥南部发生的8.1级地震让恰帕斯州房屋倒塌，至少三人丧生。地震还引发了小规模海啸，海啸波高度为0.7米。

恰帕斯州一位居民告诉美联社说，他家房子像口香糖一样晃来晃去。

恰帕斯州州长在电视采访中说，“民宅、学校和医院都受到了地震的破坏。”

墨西哥城和危地马拉城都有震感。墨西哥城居民因为担心大楼倒塌，很多人穿着睡衣就跑到了街上。

美国海啸预警系统说，这次地震会对若干中美洲国家带来潜在的海啸威胁，包括危地马拉、洪都拉斯、墨西哥、萨尔瓦多和哥斯达黎加的太平洋海岸线。预警系统说，目前还在对夏威夷、关岛和其他太平洋岛屿面临的威胁进行评估。

这次震中位于墨西哥的特拉斯皮克斯西南面120公里处，特拉斯皮克斯位于墨西哥城东南面，距离墨西哥城约1000公里。

Magnitude 8.1 Earthquake in Southern Mexico Triggers Small Tsunami

At least three people are dead following an 8.1-magnitude earthquake in southern Mexico that toppled houses in Chiapas state. The quake also triggered a small 0.7-meter tsunami.

Rodrigo Soberanes, who lives near San Cristobal de las Casas in Chiapas, told the Associated Press that his "house moved like chewing gum."

Chiapas Governor Manuel Velasco said in a televised interview that "Homes, schools and hospitals have been affected" by earthquake damage.

The quake was felt as far away as Mexico City and Guatemala City. Residents of the Mexican capital fled into the streets, many in their pajamas, for fear buildings would collapse.

The U.S. Tsunami Warning System said the earthquake was a potential tsunami threat to several Central American countries, including the Pacific coastlines of Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, El Salvador and Costa Rica. It said the threat was still being evaluated for Hawaii, Guam and other Pacific islands.

The quake was centered 120 kilometers southwest of Tres Picos, Mexico. Tres Picos is about 1,000 kilometers southeast of Mexico City.

佛罗里达宣布飓风警告

飓风艾玛肆虐加勒比海，造成人员伤亡和重大财产损失后，又扑向佛罗里达州。

美国国家飓风中心对佛罗里达南部和基斯地区发布了飓风警告。

气象预报说，5级飓风艾玛的风力可能会出现一些浮动，但预计今后几天内，会依然保持在4级或5级的水平。

星期四，随着艾玛的逼近，50多万人被要求立即从佛罗里达州南部撤离。

佛罗里达州州长斯科特说，目前最令人担心的问题是汽油短缺，很多加油站汽油已经告罄，警察将负责护送佛罗里达州境内的运油车。

斯科特说，佛罗里达州7千人的国民警卫队星期五将全部出动，数千名电力公司的员工也随时待命。

安提瓜和巴布达总理加斯顿·布朗说，艾玛飓风使巴布达岛“几乎不能居住”。

他星期四说，“我所看到的景象令人心痛，真是一场浩劫。”岛上95%的建筑不是变成废墟就是受到损坏。

好像艾玛给安提瓜和巴布达造成的痛苦还不够，这个群岛现在又受到3级飓风何塞的威胁。何塞可能于星期六在这个受到破坏的地区登陆。

在法国和荷兰各自拥有一部分的圣马丁岛，一名报纸记者对当地广播电台说，“许多人漫无目的地游荡，他们已经无家可归，不知道该怎么办。”

在资金短缺的波多黎各，可能需要长达六个月的时间才能全部恢复电力。目击者说，电线不是挂在树上，就是垂在东倒西歪的电线杆上。

美国总统川普宣布波多黎各进入紧急状态。联邦紧急事务管理局将协调清理和救灾工作。

法国和荷兰运送救灾物资的飞机已经在途中。英国首相特蕾莎·梅已经向英国的加勒比属地派出一船的水兵、海军陆战队和紧急物资。

目前在加勒比地区已经有至少10人死亡。

Hurricane Warning Issued for Florida

Hurricane Irma is barreling towards Florida after raining down death and destruction on the Caribbean.

The U.S. National Hurricane Center has issued hurricane warnings for South Florida and the Florida Keys.

The weather forecasters say some fluctuations in intensity are likely in the category 5 hurricane, but predict the storm will remain a "powerful category 4 or 5 hurricane during the next couple of days."

On Thursday, more than half a million people were ordered to leave South Florida as Irma approaches.

Florida Governor Rick Scott said the biggest concern right now is gasoline shortages. Police will escort fuel trucks in Florida as they make deliveries to gas stations that have run dry.

Scott said all 7,000 Florida National Guard members are being deployed Friday and thousands of power workers will be standing by, ready to go to work.

The storm tore up the island of Barbuda, leaving it "barely habitable," according to Antigua and Barbuda Prime Minister Gaston Browne.

"What I saw was heart-wrenching. I mean, absolutely devastating," he said Thursday. About 95 percent of all the buildings on the island were either destroyed or damaged.

As if Irma has not brought enough agony to Antigua and Barbuda, the islands are under a hurricane watch for Category 3 Hurricane Jose, which could affect the already devastated region by Saturday.

On the island of St. Martin, shared by France and the Netherlands, "lots of people are just wandering around aimlessly as they have no homes anymore and don't know what to do," a newspaper reporter told the local radio station.

It could be up to six months before all power is restored on cash-strapped Puerto Rico. Witnesses say wires are either lying in the streets or dangling from the poles that managed to stay upright.

President Donald Trump has declared a state of emergency on Puerto Rico. The Federal Emergency Management Agency will coordinate the cleanup and relief.

French and Dutch relief flights are on the way to help their territories, and British Prime Minister Teresa May has sent a Royal Navy shipload of soldiers, Marines and emergency supplies to British territories in the Caribbean.

At least 10 deaths have been reported so far in the Caribbean.