加泰罗尼亚示威者要求释放分离派领袖

数万人星期二晚上在巴塞罗纳举行抗议，反对西班牙政府监禁两名加泰罗尼亚分离派领袖。

示威者手持蜡烛和标语，要求释放桑切斯和伊夏特。他们两人被指控涉嫌煽动暴力而被监禁。检察官指控加泰罗尼亚文化协会主席伊夏特和加泰罗尼亚国民大会负责人桑切斯在上个月的独立示威游行中挑动对警察施以暴力。

加泰罗尼亚领导人称这两人是政治犯。西班牙政府否认这一指称。

星期二早些时候，西班牙高等法院裁决加泰罗尼亚的独立公投非法，还说支持举行公投的地区法律违反西班牙宪法。

加泰罗尼亚自治政府9月6号通过了“自决公投法”。西班牙高等法院说，在法院评估西班牙政府的反对意见期间，这项法律必须暂停实施。但是，加泰罗尼亚仍然于10月1号举行了公投。

根据法院规定，在法官作出裁决之前，该法律需暂停5个月执行。但是治理加泰罗尼亚的亲独立联盟声称，普世自决权高于西班牙法律。

Catalonia Protesters Demand Release of Separatist Leaders

Tens of thousands of people protested Tuesday night in Barcelona against the Spanish government's detention of two Catalan separatist leaders.

The demonstrators carried candles and banners demanding the release of Jordi Sanchez and Jordi Cuixart, who are being held on possible sedition charges. Prosecutors accuse Cuixart of the Omnium Cultural movement and Sanchez of the Catalan National Assembly of provoking violence against police during a pro-independence march last month.

Catalan leaders have called the two political prisoners, which the government denies.

Earlier Tuesday, Spain's top court ruled Catalonia's independence referendum was illegal, saying that regional law backing the vote violated Spain's constitution.

The Catalan government had passed the "self-determination referendum law" on September 6. Spain's high court said the law must be suspended temporarily as it assessed the Spanish government's opposition to it, but Catalonia went ahead with the referendum on October 1.

According to court regulations, the suspension was to last five months while judges come up with a ruling, but the pro-independence coalition ruling Catalonia claimed that the universal right to self-determination outweighs Spain's laws.

以色列：不跟哈马斯参加的巴勒斯坦政府对话

以色列说，除非几项要求得到满足，否则不会与激进组织哈马斯参加的巴勒斯坦政府对话。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡的办公室星期二发表声明说：“以色列政府将不会与依靠哈马斯的巴勒斯坦政府进行政治谈判。哈马斯是一个要摧毁以色列的恐怖组织。”

声明提出了几项对话前必须满足的条件，包括哈马斯解除武装，宣称放弃暴力，以及承认以色列。

内塔尼亚胡还要求哈马斯放弃伊朗的支持，交还两名以色列军人的遗体，并释放据信被关押在哈马斯控制的加沙地带的两名以色列公民。

哈马斯几乎没有可能答应以色列提出的任何条件。哈马斯发言人称这些条件“是不可接受的以色列对巴勒斯坦事务的干涉”。

巴勒斯坦权力机构主席阿巴斯的发言人说：“任何以色列的言辞都不会改变巴勒斯坦努力走向和解的正式立场。消除分裂是我们人民的希望与理想。”

哈马斯和更温和的法塔赫运动经过10年分裂后，达成了一项重新团结的初步协议。

Israel Says No Talks with a Palestinian Government that Includes Hamas

Israel says it will not talk with a Palestinian government that includes the militant group Hamas unless a number of demands are met.

"The government of Israel will not carry out political negotiations with a Palestinian government that relies on Hamas, a terror organization which calls for the destruction of Israel," a statement from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office Tuesday.

The statement spelled several conditions if there are ever to be talks. They include Hamas' disarmament, its repudiation of violence, and recognition of Israel.

Netanyahu also wants Hamas to give up Iranian support and return the remains of two Israeli soldiers and free two Israeli citizens believed to be held in Hamas-controlled Gaza.

There is little chance Hamas will agree to any of Israel's demands. Spokesman Fawzi Barhoum called them "unacceptable Israeli interference in internal Palestinian affairs."

A spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said "any Israeli remarks will not change the official Palestinian position to move forward with the reconciliation efforts to achieve the hopes and aspirations of our people in ending the division."

Hamas and the more moderate Fatah movement reached a preliminary agreement last week to re-unify after a 10-year split.