奥巴马说 美国一切都会好的

奥巴马总统星期三在他最后一次白宫记者会上，努力让对政府换届感到担忧的美国民众放心。他说：“我相信这个国家。我相信美国人民。我相信人们身上的善多于恶。”

白宫记者们的提问涉及到奥巴马给陆军情报分析员切尔西·曼宁减刑等议题。 奥巴马简单地回答了这些问题，最后他还很具体地回答了他是如何向两个女儿解释美国大选结果的。

奥巴马总统说，玛利亚和萨沙对于共和党候选人川普击败他支持的民主党候选人希拉里·克林顿感到失望，不过令他自豪的是，她们表现得很坚强、爱国，而不是愤世嫉俗。

奥巴马总统承认，他在公开场合表现出的冷静和随和跟他私下的表现并不一样，私下他也会骂人，也像其他人一样会愤怒和沮丧。他说：“不过我深信，（作为一个国家） 一切都会好的，但我们必须奋斗，必须努力，不能觉得理所当然，我相信你们会帮我们做到。”

Obama Says US 'Is Going to Be OK'

At his final news conference as president Wednesday, Barack Obama sought to reassure those Americans anxious about the change of administrations: “I believe in this country. I believe in the American people. I believe that people are more good than bad.”

White House reporters questioned Obama about his decision to shorten the prison term of former Army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning, and other topics. The president fielded those easily, but took his time answering the final query, about how he discussed the results of the U.S. election with his two teenaged daughters, Sasha and Malia.

Obama said Malia and Sasha were disappointed by Republican Donald Trump's defeat of his preferred candidate, Democrat Hillary Clinton, just as he and first lady Michelle were, but that he is proud of them because they are resilient, patriotic and not cynical.

The president admitted his public persona - calm and cheerful - is not quite the way he feels when behind closed doors.

“I curse more than I do in public, and sometimes I get mad and frustrated, like everybody else does," he said. "But at my core, I think we’re going to be okay [as a country]. We just have to fight for it, we have to work for it, and not take it for granted, and I know that you will help us do that.”

韩国法庭裁定没有足够证据逮捕三星副总裁

韩国一家法庭星期四决定不批准对三星集团负责人的逮捕令，这个案件与朴槿惠总统弹劾案有关。

三星集团副总裁李在镕在拘留所被关押了14个小时后，首尔中区法院裁定，目前没有足够证据为检察官提出的行贿、挪用款项和作伪证的指控提供法律依据。

检察官办公室发言人说，“法庭驳回逮捕令的决定令我们深感遗憾，但是我们会采取必要措施，继续进行调查。”

李在镕涉嫌向朴槿惠总统的密友崔顺实支付了3600万美元，换取总统的帮助，让国营退休基金批准2015年三星两个附属机构的合并案。

法庭这一裁决对于负责朴槿惠弹劾案的检察官一方是一个挫败。

Samsung Indictment Reversal Setbacks South Korean Impeachment Trial

A South Korean court Thursday dismissed an arrest warrant request for the head of the Samsung Group, in a case that could affect the impeachment trial of President Park Geun-hye.

Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung Electronics Co. was held for 14 hours in a detention facility before the Seoul Central District Court ruled there was not enough evidence at this time to justify prosecutors’ charges of bribery, embezzlement and perjury.

“The court's decision to reject arrest warrant is very regrettable, but we will steadily continue the investigation by taking necessary measures," said a spokesman of the prosecutor's office.

Lee is suspected of paying President Park's influential friend Choi Soon-sil $36 million in return for the president’s help to secure the approval of a state-run pension fund for a 2015 merger of two Samsung affiliates.

The court’s decision on the Samsung case could be a setback for prosecutors in the presidential impeachment trial also underway.