埃尔多安抗议者遭殴打 川普称埃尔多安是朋友

美国总统川普称土耳其总统埃尔多安是朋友，他“治理非常难管的地区有方，应该打高分。”

川普星期四在联大非正式会议期间对埃尔多安赞誉有加，尽管土耳其保安官员对付美国抗议者的行为造成了美土双边关系的紧张。

川普与埃尔多安会谈前几小时，三名抗议者打断了埃尔多安在纽约一家酒店的讲话，遭到埃尔多安支持者的拳打脚踢。

当时，埃尔多安在一个商业团体组织的活动上对几百人发表讲话。一名男子站起身高喊“恐怖分子！恐怖分子！”

美国之音的视频显示，听众对他拳打脚踢，美方保安人员急着将他护送到安全的地方。他走后不久，又有一名男子效仿他的做法，被保安送出会场的过程中，也遭到多次推搡，头部被土耳其国旗击中。

埃尔多安试图平息局面，他说：“咱们不要因为两个恐怖分子牺牲掉整个会议。”

随后，第三名抗议者又从人群的另外一个地方对埃尔多安提出质问，虽然没有被拍到，但是据不远处的一名美国之音记者说，此人也遭到了殴打。

这是今年以来美国第二次发生抗议者遭到埃尔多安支持者殴打的事件。

Trump Praises Erdogan Despite Incidents of Violence Against Protesters

U.S. President Donald Trump praised Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan as a friend who gets "high marks" for "running a very difficult part of the world."

Trump's effusive praise for the Turkish leader came on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday despite tensions between the two countries over the conduct of Turkish security officials toward American protesters.

Hours before Trump met Erdogan for talks, Erdogan supporters punched and kicked three protesters who interrupted his speech at a New York hotel.

Erdogan was addressing several hundred people at an event organized by a business group, the Turkish-American National Steering Committee, when one man stood and began shouting, “Terrorist! Terrorist!”

Voice of America TV footage shows audience members pummeling him as U.S. security officers tried to hustle him to safety. Soon after he was gone, a second man followed suit and also was repeatedly punched and hit over the head with Turkish flags as he was led outside by U.S. security.

Erdogan tried to calm the crowd, saying: “Let’s not sacrifice the whole meeting for a couple of terrorists.”

Then a third protester started heckling the president from a different part of the crowd. Although that incident occurred off-camera, a VOA reporter who was nearby said he too was beaten.

This was the second time this year that protesters in America have been assaulted by Erdogan supporters.

联合国小组将搜集伊斯兰国在伊拉克战争罪的证据

联合国安理会一致投票，决定建立一支调查小组，协助伊拉克搜集证据，证明伊斯兰国激进分子在伊拉克犯下的，“可能构成战争罪，反人类罪和种族灭绝”的滔天罪行。

起草这份决议案的英国说，调查小组将为遭受伊斯兰国组织暴行的受害者伸张正义。

美国常驻联合国大使黑利称这份决议草案“具有里程碑意义”，为“伊斯兰国暴行的范围和规模提供不可缺少的记录”。

著名国际人权律师阿迈勒·克鲁尼在脸书视频上说：“对于所有为伊斯兰国罪行的受害者伸张正义的人来说，这都是一个巨大的里程碑。这项决议告诉受害者，他们的声音将被听到，他们终将会有通过法律寻求公正的机会。”

然而，人权观察批评这项决议案错失良机，说安理会本可以全面解决伊拉克冲突参与各方犯下的战争罪和侵犯人权的行径。

人权观察国际司法顾问贾拉说：“没有人否认处理伊斯兰国在伊拉克犯下的广泛暴行非常重要，但忽略伊拉克和国际部队的侵权行为不仅是错误的，而且目光短浅。所有看到亲人被折磨或杀害，房屋被焚毁或炸毁的受害者，伸张正义都是重中之重，不论肇事方是何人。”

UN Team to Collect Evidence of Islamic State War Crimes in Iraq

The United Nations Security Council has voted unanimously to establish an investigative team to help Iraq secure evidence of atrocities committed by Islamic State militants "that may amount to war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide."

Britain, which drafted the resolution, said the team would bring some justice to those who had experienced atrocities at the hands of IS, variously known as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh.

The U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley, called the resolution "a landmark" that would "provide an indispensable record of the scope and scale" of IS atrocities."

"It's a huge milestone for all of those who've been fighting for justice for victims of crimes committed by ISIS,'' well-known international human rights lawyer Amal Clooney, said in the Facebook Live video. "It says to victims that their voices will be heard and they may finally get their day in court.''

But Human Rights Watch criticized the resolution as a missed opportunity by the council "to address war crimes and rights abuses by all sides to the conflict in Iraq."

“No one denies the importance of tackling the widespread atrocities by ISIS in Iraq, but ignoring abuses by Iraqi and international forces is not only flawed, it’s shortsighted,” said Balkees Jarrah, senior international justice counsel at Human Rights Watch. “The pursuit of justice is essential to all victims who saw their loved ones tortured and killed, or houses burned and bombed, regardless of who is responsible.”