韩国媒体：美国B1-B轰炸机将飞越朝鲜半岛

韩国通讯社援引不具名的军方消息来源报道，美国B1-B战略轰炸机星期三在美韩联合空军演习中将飞过朝鲜半岛。

美国和韩国星期一开始为期5天的“警戒王牌”(Vigilant Ace)军事演习。朝鲜加紧核武器研发并试射弹道导弹之际，朝鲜半岛局势趋向紧张。

这次年度美韩军演将罕见地有大批美国最新一代隐身战机参加。一星期前，朝鲜刚刚试射了迄今为止射程最远的洲际弹道导弹，有可能打到美国东岸。

包括美国海军和海军陆战队在内的1万2000美军将参加与韩国的军演。

美国第七航空队说，演习不是对任何具体事件或挑衅的反应。

朝鲜一贯使用严厉的措辞谴责美韩军演，称其为入侵朝鲜的准备。

朝鲜半岛的紧张局势引人担心。联合国主管政治事务的副秘书长费尔特曼罕见地访问朝鲜。

联合国发言人说，费尔特曼在访问期间将与朝鲜外相李容浩讨论双方感兴趣和关心的问题。费尔特曼的访问和美韩军演都将于星期五结束。

South Korean Media: US B-1B Bombers to Fly Over Peninsula

American B-1B Lancer bombers will fly over the Korean Peninsula Wednesday in the combined air force exercise with South Korea, South Korean Yonhap News Agency reported Tuesday citing an unidentified military source.

The U.S. and South Korea began a five-day drill, called Vigilant Ace, on Monday amid increased tensions with North Korea over its nuclear program and recent ballistic missile tests.

The annual exercise, which will include an unusually large number of the latest generations of American stealth fighter jets, comes a week after North Korea test-fired its most powerful missile, an ICBM possibly capable of reaching the U.S. East Coast.

Around 12,000 U.S. service members, including from the Marines and Navy, will join South Korean troops.

The U.S. Seventh Air Force has said the exercise is not in response to any incident or provocation.

North Korea routinely uses strong language to denounce U.S.-South Korean military exercises that it claims are preparations for an invasion of the reclusive country.

The high tensions on the peninsula are raising concerns, prompting the United Nations' political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman to make a rare trip to Pyongyang.

A U.N. spokesman said Feltman will discuss "issues of mutual interest and concern" with Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and Vice Minister Pak Myong Guk during his visit, which ends on Friday -- as does the military drill.

川普总统将宣布 美国承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都

美国总统川普计划星期三宣布，美国承认耶路撒冷为以色列首都，并将把美国大使馆从特拉维夫迁到耶路撒冷。

这个决定很可能在阿拉伯世界引起强烈反响。但是白宫说，川普总统仅仅是承认白宫所说的历史和当代的现实。

为了缓和这个决定可能造成的冲击，川普总统星期二致电5位中东地区的领导人，介绍了他的决定，包括以色列总理内塔尼亚胡（Benjamin Netanyahu），巴勒斯坦权力机构主席阿巴斯（Mahmoud Abbas），约旦国王阿卜杜拉（Abdullah II ），埃及总统塞西（Abdel Fattah Al Sisi），以及沙特阿拉伯国王萨勒曼（Salman Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud）。

白宫的一份声明没有提电话通话的详细内容，只是说：“领导人还讨论了有关耶路撒冷问题可能做出的决定。”声明还说，川普总统重申了他继续致力于推动以巴和平谈判，强调了支持和谈的重要性。

白宫官员星期二晚上说，川普总统承认，耶路撒冷不仅是犹太人历史上的首都，而且还是以色列1948年建国以来的政府所在地。

白宫官员说，川普总统将命令国务院开始制定将美国大使馆从特拉维夫迁到耶路撒冷的计划。他们说，确定馆址、找到资金以及建造新大使馆的进程要若干年的时间。在新馆建成前，川普总统将依照惯例签署一个推迟迁馆的豁免令。

Trump to Announce US Recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli Capital

President Donald Trump plans to announce Wednesday that the United States is recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv.

The decision is likely to cause an uproar throughout the Arab world. But the White House says Trump is merely recognizing what it calls a historic and modern reality.

To soften what could be a hard blow, Trump telephoned five Middle East leaders Tuesday to brief them on his decision -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, Jordan’s King Abdullah, Egypt’s President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi and Saudi King Salman Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.

A White House statement gave few details of the conversations except to say, “the leaders also discussed potential decisions regarding Jerusalem." It added that Trump reaffirmed his commitment to advancing Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and the importance of supporting those talks.

White House officials said late Tuesday Trump recognizes Jerusalem is not only the historic capital of the Jewish people, it has been the seat of the Israeli government since the founding of modern Israel in 1948.

The officials say the president will order the State Department to start making plans to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv. They say the process will take years to find a site, secure funding, and construct a new building. Until then, Trump will sign the usual waiver postponing the relocation.