法官命令美军新年开始接收变性人服役

美国一位联邦法院法官星期一做出不利于川普行政当局的裁决，说改变了性别的人将能够从明年1月1日起开始在美军服役。

川普政府对早些时候不允许川普总统禁止变性人员在军中服役的法院裁决提出上诉，并要求推迟这个日期。但是柯林‧科勒科特利法官说，联邦政府未能证明如果改变性别的人1月1号要求参军服役会对其造成什么损害。她说，五角大楼已经有了一年半的时间做准备。

前国防部长卡特去年为7月1号允许变性人士服役打开大门。但是川普总统试图以政令的方式将大门关闭，理由包括手术费用和可能对非变性人士气的影响。川普总统还命令军队让已在军中服役的变性人士退役。两家联邦法院已作出不同意川普总统政令的裁决。

与此同时，五角大楼发言人伊斯特伯恩说，五角大楼已经开始准备接收变性人士服役。他对美联社说，这些人必须满足严格的体检标准。医生必须证明将服役的人没有接受变性手术往往会伴发的某些综合症。

Judge Orders Pentagon to Start Accepting Transgender Recruits on Jan. 1

A federal judge ruled against the Trump administration on Monday, saying transgender men and women can join the U.S. military starting January 1.

The administration wanted a delay while it appealed earlier court rulings against the president's ban on transgender troops. But Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said the government failed to prove it would be harmed if transgender men and women started signing up starting New Year's Day. She said the Pentagon has had a year and a half to prepare.

Former Defense Secretary Ash Carter opened the door last year for transgender men and women to join the U.S. armed forces starting July 1. But President Trump tried to slam that door shut in an executive order, citing surgical costs and possible morale problems among non-transgender members. He also ordered current transgender military members to be discharged.

Two federal courts ruled against the president's order.

Meanwhile, Pentagon spokesman David Eastburn says the Pentagon has started preparations for transgender men and women, telling the Associated Press they must meet strict medical conditions. Doctors must certify a recruit has been free from certain medical complications that can come with changing one's gender.

川普总统下令恢复美国载人太空飞行计划

川普总统星期一命令美国航空航天总署恢复2011年暂停的载人太空探索计划，并宣布美国宇航员将再次踏上月球。

川普说：“这将是1972年以来第一次美国宇航员重返月球的重要一步，将进行长期探索和利用。这一次，我们将不仅插上国旗和留下足迹，还将建立一个最终用于探索火星的基地。或许将来有一天，会探索更多的星球。”

川普总统邀请几位宇航员和前宇航员出席了白宫签署指令的仪式。川普借用了阿姆斯特朗1969年第一次踏上月球时所说的名言：“一个人的一小步，人类的一大步。”他说：“这是朝着激励未来，重新回到美国在太空应有位置的一大步。”

参加签署仪式的包括全人类曾踏足月球12个人中的两个人 –埃德温· “巴兹”·奥尔德林和哈里森·“杰克”·施密特。奥尔德林在阿姆斯特朗迈出历史性一大步之后也踏上月球表面。施密特是1972年阿波罗17号的机组人员之一。那是美国最后一次登月飞行。

川普总统说，签署仪式正值施密特和阿波罗17号指挥长尤金·赛尔南1972年登月的45周年之际。

Trump Orders Revival of U.S. Manned Space Exploration Program

Pledging that “America will once again reach for the moon,” President Donald Trump Monday ordered the National Air and Space Administration to revive the manned space exploration program that was suspended in 2011.

“(This) marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use,” Trump said. “This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint, we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars. And perhaps, someday, to many worlds beyond.”

Surrounded by several astronauts and former astronauts in a White House ceremony, Trump paraphrased Neil Armstrong, who famously said “That’s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind,” when he first set foot on the lunar surface in 1969. “This is a giant step toward that inspiring future and reclaiming America’s proud destiny in space,” Trump proclaimed.

Among those attending the event were two of the 12 humans ever to have walked on the moon, Edwin “Buzz” Aldrin, who touched the surface shortly after Armstrong’s historic step, and Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, who did it as a crewmember of Apollo 17, the last manned mission to the moon in 1972.

Trump noted that the signing ceremony came exactly 45 years to the day after Schmitt’s moonwalk with Apollo 17 commander Eugene Cernan.