东京电力公司前高管因福岛核事故受审

日本一家法院开庭审理负责福岛核电站的东京电力公司三位前主管的案件，他们的罪名是业务过失致人死伤。三名被告都称，在2011福岛核事故中无罪，说自己无法预见巨大的海啸会淹没核电站。

东京电力公司前董事长胜俣恒久说：“我为严重事故造成放射性物质泄漏，给当地和全国人民带来的困扰表示道歉。”他补充说，不过，“我认为，我在这起事故中不承担刑事责任”。

如果被判定罪名成立的话，前董事长胜俣恒久、前副社长武黑一郎，以及武藤荣将面临最长五年监禁，最多9千美元罚款。

这些高管受到的指控跟40名从福岛地区被疏散，住院医治，后来死去的病患相关。

2011年日本东北部发生的地震和海啸造成两万人丧生。这起灾难不仅导致福岛核电站三个核反应堆的融化，同时也引发了有关核能源风险的辩论。

福岛核电站附近，甚至是几百公里以外的社区都进行了疏散，一些地区至今不能住人。

Former TEPCO Bosses on Trial for Fukushima Nuclear Disaster

A Japanese court has begun a trial of three former executives of Tokyo Electric Power Co., operator of the Fukushima nuclear plant, on charges of professional negligence resulting in death and injury. All three have pleaded not guilty in connection with the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, saying they could not have predicted the enormous tsunami that flooded the plant.

"I apologize for the tremendous trouble to the residents in the area and around the country because of the serious accident that caused the release of radioactive materials," said Tsunehisa Katsumata, former chairmen of TEPCO. He added, however, "I believe I don't have a criminal responsibility in the case."

If convicted, Katsumata and former vice presidents Sakae Muto and Ichiro Takekuro face up to five years in prison and a fine up to $9,000.

The charges against the executives are linked to the deaths of 40 hospital patients who were evacuated from the Fukushima area and later died.

The 2011 earthquake and tsunami killed 20,000 people in northeastern Japan. Not only did the disaster trigger the meltdown of three reactors at the Fukushima power plant, it also reignited debate about the risks of nuclear energy.

Communities around the plant and even those that were hundreds of kilometers away, were evacuated. Some areas remain uninhabitable.

众议院通过打击非法移民的议案

美国国会众议院星期四通过议案，加强对遣返后再次回到美国的非法移民的惩戒，切断庇护城市的联邦拨款，向实现川普总统的两大竞选承诺迈出了第一步。

众议院以257票对167票通过了“凯特法”。这项法案是以32岁的凯特·斯坦利命名的，凯特2015年7月在旧金山中弹身亡，开枪的是一个曾先后五次被遣返的重罪犯，他因为开枪打死凯特而受到谋杀等指控。

众议院的议案增加了对被遣返后再次返回美国的非法移民的刑期。

众议院还以228票对195票通过了“不为罪犯提供庇护法”，不让所谓的庇护城市得到联邦资金，并扩大联邦政府让这些城市遵循移民管制的能力。

众议院民主党人说，这两项法案是川普政府反移民行动的一部分。

反对者批评说，凯特法没有对犯有重罪的非法移民和没有犯下重罪的非法移民加以区分。
民主党人还对将庇护城市描述为罪犯汇集中心的说法提出批评。

众议院表决后，美国总统川普敦促“参议院围绕这两项议案进行表决，予以通过，送到我的桌上来。我呼吁所有议员，投下赞成票，保护美国人的生命安全。”

这两项议案先前的版本在参议院都没有获得通过。

House Immigration Votes Build on Trump Campaign Promises

The U.S. House of Representatives took the first steps toward fulfilling two of President Donald Trump’s signature campaign promises Thursday, passing bills strengthening penalties on undocumented immigrants who return to the U.S. after being deported and cutting federal funds to sanctuary cities.

By a 257-167 vote, the House passed “Kate’s Law,” a bill named after Kate Steinle, 32, who was shot and killed in San Francisco in July 2015. Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, a felon who had been deported five times, is facing murder and other charges in connection with the shooting.

The House bill increases prison penalties for undocumented immigrants who return to the U.S. after being deported.

The House also passed, by a 228-195 vote, the “No Sanctuary for Criminals Act,” blocking so-called sanctuary cities from receiving federal grant money and expanding the federal government’s capabilities to make them comply with immigration enforcement.

House Democrats said the bills were part of an anti-immigrant push by the Trump administration.

Democrats also pushed back on the characterization of sanctuary cities as gathering places for criminals.

In a statement issued after the vote, Trump urged “the Senate to take up these bills, pass them, and send them to my desk. I am calling on all lawmakers to vote for these bills and to save American lives.”

Earlier versions of the bills failed to pass in the Senate.