川普要求增加军费，削减国务院开支

美国总统川普在启动耗费时日的联邦预算程序之际，提出增加国防开支，同时削减国务院和环境保护署等其他机构的预算。

政府官员说，白宫将在星期一发送给联邦政府各机构的备忘录中详细阐明其愿景。管理和预算办公室表示，预计将在3月中旬发布更完整的预算大纲。

川普在竞选时一再承诺加强军事力量，并在星期五的一次演讲中誓言造就“美国历史上最伟大的军事扩充之一”。

他还表示，不会寻求削减诸如社会保障和联邦医疗保险等计划。

川普总统星期一向政府机构提出的计划，肯定不会是10月开始的2018财政年度的最终预算。每个机构都会以自己设想的预算作出回应，并最终由国会就联邦支出进行投票表决。

川普周一将在白宫会见众议院议长瑞恩和参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔。一天后，也就是他上任总统六周后，将在国会的一次参众两院联合会议上发表重要讲话。

Trump Asking For Boost in Pentagon Spending, Cuts at State Department

U.S. President Donald Trump is kicking off the long federal budget process with proposals to increase defense spending, while making cuts to budgets for the State Department and other agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency.

Administration officials say the White House is detailing its vision for federal spending in a memo to agencies on Monday. The Office of Management and Budget says a more complete budget outline is expected to be released in mid-March.

As a candidate, Trump repeatedly promised to boost the military, and in a speech Friday he pledged "one of the greatest military buildups in American history."

He has also said he would not seek cuts in programs such as Social Security and Medicare.

Whatever the president proposes to agencies Monday will surely not be the final budget for the 2018 fiscal year, which begins in October. Each agency will respond with arguments for what it thinks should be its budget, and ultimately it is up to Congress to vote on federal spending.

Trump is meeting Monday at the White House with House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. A day later, he addresses a joint session of Congress in a major speech six weeks into his presidency.

印尼警方在西爪哇岛击毙炸弹袭击嫌疑人

印度尼西亚警方击毙一名恐怖分子嫌疑人。在此之前，一个简易炸弹装置在印尼的一个政府大楼附近被引爆。

西爪哇省警方负责人说，一个高压锅改制的炸弹装置星期一在大楼附近的一块空地上发生爆炸，没有人受伤。

警方负责人还说，嫌疑人在爆炸发生后跑进大楼，并在楼内纵火，之后在与警察的枪战中被击毙。

印度尼西亚多年来一直是伊斯兰激进分子进行恐怖袭击的目标，袭击事件包括2002年巴厘岛一个夜总会的炸弹爆炸，造成202人死亡。

Indonesian Police Kill Suspected Bomber on West Java Island

A suspected terrorist has been shot and killed by police in Indonesia after an improvised bomb exploded near a government building in the city of Bandung.

The West Java police chief says no one was injured when a pressure cooker-rigged device exploded Monday in a nearby vacant lot.

The chief says the suspect ran into the building after the explosion and started a fire inside before he was eventually shot and killed during a gun battle with police.

Indonesia has been the target of numerous terrorist attacks by Islamic militants for years, including the 2002 bombing attack on a Bali island nightclub that left 202 people dead.