美国打记者议员候选人胜选后道歉

被指袭击一名记者的美国蒙塔那州共和党籍联邦众议员候选人在击败民主党对手后为其行为表示道歉。他被控犯有轻罪攻击。据称，这名共和党候选人当时抓住一名记者脖子并将其重摔在地。

富豪格雷格·詹佛特尔说：“昨晚我犯了一个错误，我做了一个我无法收回的举动，我对发生的一切无法感到骄傲。我不应该那么做，我对此感到抱歉。”

事件发生后不到24小时后，富豪詹佛特尔星期四险胜歌手和诗人罗布·基斯特。他的胜选使共和党得以继续把持20年来蒙塔那州在美国国会众议院的唯一席位。

星期三，卫报记者本·雅各布斯在推特上发文，称詹佛特尔投票前几小时在他的竞选总部打了他，还弄坏了他的眼镜。蒙塔那是一个以农业为主的共和党传统州，詹佛特尔在这次特别选举中被看好。

事件发生时，蒙塔那州大约三分之一的选民已经在提前投票过程中投下了选票。

该州原众议员津克被美国总统川普任命为内政部长。这次特别选举就是为填补他的席位。

众议院共和党领袖、议长保罗·瑞安表示，詹佛尔特应该道歉。

如果罪名成立，詹佛尔特将面临最高500美元罚款和六个月监禁。

US Congressional Candidate Who Attacked Reporter Apologizes After Winning Election
The Republican candidate for a U.S. congressional seat in (the western U.S. state of) Montana who was charged with assault after he allegedly grabbed a reporter by the neck and threw him to the ground, has apologized for his actions after defeating his Democratic opponent.

"Last night I made a mistake. I took an action that I can't take back and I'm not proud of what happened," said Greg Gianforte, a multimillionaire. "I should not have responded in the way that I did and for that I'm sorry."

Less than 24 hours after the incident, Gianforte narrowly beat out singer and poet Rob Quist Thursday, upholding the Republican Party's 20-year lock on the state's only seat in the U.S. House of Representatives.

On Wednesday, journalist Ben Jacobs of the British-based newspaper The Guardian tweeted that Gianforte "just body-slammed me and broke my glasses" at the candidate's campaign headquarters in the city of Bozeman, just hours before the special election that Gianforte had been favored to win in the rural, heavily Republican state.

About a third of Montana's voters had already cast their votes in the early voting process when the incident occurred.

The special election was being held to replace Republican Ryan Zinke, who resigned earlier this year to become President Donald Trump's interior secretary.

The House Republican leader, Speaker Paul Ryan, said Gianforte "should apologize.

If convicted, Gianforte would face a maximum $500 fine and six months in jail.
川普女婿库什纳成“通俄”调查重点

据华盛顿邮报和美国全国广播公司(NBC News)星期四报道，美国总统川普的女婿和高级顾问库什纳正成为联邦调查局(FBI)就川普竞选团队通俄指控调查的对象。

联邦调查局盯上库什纳并不一定意味他涉嫌犯罪，也不意味他是FBI对俄罗斯更广泛调查的对象。

华盛顿邮报的报道称，调查人员正在调查去年年末川普团队与奥巴马政府交接期间，库什纳与俄罗斯驻美大使基斯利亚克以及一位俄罗斯银行业高管的会晤。

华盛顿邮报上星期曾报道说，白宫一名与川普关系十分密切的高级官员是“通俄”调查的焦点，但并没有直接点名库什纳。

两周前，川普突然解除了负责“通俄”调查的联邦调查局局长科米的职务。

美国司法部副部长罗森斯坦上星期任命前联邦调查局局长穆勒为特别检察官，负责对川普团队“通俄”指控的调查。与此同时，美国国会的至少四个委员会也正在分别对“通俄”指控进行调查。

川普多次否认他的团队与克里姆林宫串通。美国的情报指，俄罗斯总统普京策划了一场干预美国大选的行动，使选情对共和党有利。

Trump Son-in-Law Focus of Russia Probe

Jared Kushner, U.S. President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, is being investigated by the FBI in its probe of possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, the Washington Post and NBC News reported Thursday.

The FBI's focus on Kushner does not necessarily mean he is suspected of a crime, nor is he considered a subject of the bureau's wider probe of Russia.

Investigators are looking into meetings that Kushner had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and a Russian banking executive late last year during the presidential transition, the Washington Post reported.

The Post reported last week that a senior White House official close to the president was a significant focus of the high stakes investigation, although it did not name Kushner then.

This latest revelation comes two weeks after Trump abruptly fired FBI Director James Comey, who was responsible for overseeing the probe.

Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein last week appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the investigation. Separately, at least four congressional committees are conducting their own probes into the matter.

Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion between his campaign and the Kremlin, amid accusations from U.S. intelligence that Russian President Vladimir Putin orchestrated a sweeping campaign to tilt the vote in the Republican's favor.