报道：奥巴马政府官员保护有关俄罗斯影响美国大选的情报

纽约时报报道说，前奥巴马政府的一些官员设法让有关川普竞选和俄罗斯官员之间可能存在的关联的相关情报，让未来的调查人员更容易找到。

纽约时报的报道援引来自至少6名现任和前任官员的说法，其中一些人表示，他们发声是为引起对此事的关注，“确保国会进行适当调查”。

报道说，情报信息来自包括英国和荷兰在内的多个美国盟国，涉及俄罗斯官员和川普方面的人员在欧洲城市进行的会面，还包括了美国情报机构拦截的俄罗斯官员讨论与川普方面人员的联系。

纽约时报援引白宫发言人斯派塞的话说，报道中唯一的新内容是“奥巴马政府被政治任命的官员试图制造虚假陈述，为自己在选举中的失败辩解。”

报道说，奥巴马政府最后的日子里，有关官员设法将原始情报信息处理为低级别的报告，以确保更多的人能够看到，并将报告和敏感信息传递给国会议员。

该报说，前政府高级官员表示，奥巴马本人没有参与这一努力。

Report: Obama Officials Worked to Protect Russia Election Hacking Intelligence

The New York Times is reporting that some officials from President Barack Obama's administration made efforts to make information about possible links between Donald Trump's campaign and Russian officials easier for future investigators to find.

The Times based its story on accounts from more than a half-dozen current and former officials, some of whom said they "were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation by Congress," the newspaper said.

The report says information came from multiple U.S. allies, including Britain and the Netherlands, describing meetings between Russian officials and Trump associates that took place in European cities. It also cites U.S. intelligence agency intercepts of Russian officials discussing contacts with Trump associates.

"The only new piece of information that has come to light is that political appointees in the Obama administration have sought to create a false narrative to make an excuse for their own defeat in the election," the Times quoted Spicer as saying.

The Times said the late days of the Obama administration featured officials working to process raw intelligence information into reports that were kept at a low level of classification to ensure more people could see them, and to pass along reports and sensitive information to members of Congress.

The newspaper said that according to former senior administration officials, Obama himself was not involved in the effort.

马来西亚将驱逐因金正男机场遇害事件被拘的朝鲜人

马来西亚当局准备驱逐一名朝鲜籍男子，这名男子涉嫌与朝鲜领导人金正恩同父异母兄弟金正男上个月被谋杀事件有关。金正男2月13日在吉隆坡机场遇袭身亡后，45岁的李正哲（Ri Jon Chol）已被拘留了将近两个星期。

马来西亚司法部长阿潘迪·阿里周四表示，对李正哲不提出指控而收押的期限将至，目前没有足够的证据对他提出任何指控，所以他将在周五被驱逐出境。

此案两名主要嫌疑人，25岁的印度尼西亚女子和28岁的越南女子星期三受到谋杀指控。

两名被告没有被要求做出是否认罪的表态，但她们称自己是无辜的，自称以为是在参加电视节目的恶作剧。如果罪名成立，两人都将面临死刑。

Malaysia to Deport North Korean Held in Airport Killing

Malaysian authorities are preparing to deport a North Korean man who has been held as a suspect in connection with last month's death of Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Forty-five year-old Ri Jon Chol has been in custody for nearly two weeks following the February 13 attack on Kim at an airport in Kuala Lumpur.

Malaysian Attorney General Mohamed Apandi Ali said Thursday that the period under which Kim can be held without charges is set to run out, and that there is not enough evidence to file any charges against him, so he will be deported on Friday.

The two main female suspects in the case, a 25-year-old Indonesian and a 28-year-old Vietnamese, were charged with murder on Wednesday.

The women were not asked to enter pleas in the case, but have said they are innocent, and believed they were taking part in a prank for a television show. They each face the death penalty if convicted.