魁北克清真寺发生枪击 致6人死亡

星期天晚间，持枪人员袭击了加拿大魁北克市的一座清真寺，造成6人死亡，8人受伤。

警方发言人表示，已逮捕两名嫌疑人，但没有提供关于他们身份或动机的更多信息。

魁北克伊斯兰文化中心的负责人表示，袭击发生时，人们正聚集在一起做晚祷告。警方称，当时有53人在场。

加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多谴责这次枪击是“针对穆斯林的恐怖袭击”，并发表声明，强调加拿大重视多元化和宗教宽容。

“穆斯林-加拿大人是我们国家的重要组成部分，我们的社区、城市和国家无法容忍这种冷酷无情的行为，”特鲁多说。

2016年6月，曾有人把一个猪头放在同一间清真寺的门口。

周日这起枪击事件发生后，美国纽约市长比尔·白思豪说，纽约警方正在为市里的清真寺提供额外的保护。

白思豪在推特上写道：“我想对纽约的穆斯林市民说：纽约会保护你们。纽约警察局会保护你们。我们会与所有的仇恨和偏见作斗争。”

6 Killed in Quebec City Mosque Shooting

Gunmen attacked a mosque in Quebec City, Canada, late Sunday, killing six people and wounding eight others.

A police spokeswoman said two suspects have been arrested, but did not give additional information about their identities or motive.

The head of the Quebec Islamic Cultural Center said people were gathered for evening prayers at the time of the shooting. Fifty-three people were there, according to police.

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau condemned the shooting as a "terrorist attack on Muslims," and stressed in a statement that his country values diversity and religious tolerance.

"Muslim-Canadians are an important part of our national fabric, and these senseless acts have no place in our communities, cities and country," Trudeau said.

In June 2016, a pig's head was left on the doorstep of the same mosque.

After Sunday's shooting, New York Mayor Bill De Blasio said his police department was providing extra protection for mosques in the city.

"To my fellow New Yorkers who are Muslim: New York City will protect you. The NYPD will protect you. We will fight all hatred and bias," he wrote on Twitter.

难民支持者在美国各大城市的反川普示威进入第二天

星期天，数以千计的人在白宫附近举行示威，抗议美国总统川普禁止来自七个穆斯林国家的移民进入美国的行政令。抗议活动遍布美国各地，今天进入了第二天。

示威者高喊“不要仇恨，不要恐惧，这里欢迎难民。” 抗议者针对的是川普签署的冻结所有难民进入美国至少120天的行政令。该行政令还在90天内禁止来自伊朗、利比亚、索马里、伊拉克、苏丹和也门的签证持有者入境，无限期禁止叙利亚人入境。

纽约炮台公园也发生了抗议活动。从炮台公园可以俯瞰美国象征性灯塔—自由女神像。140多年来，自由女神像迎接了无数来自世界各地的移民。洛杉矶、费城、休斯敦、波士顿、路易斯维尔和底特律也出现了抗议活动。

在纽约炮台公园的示威中，美国参议院民主党领袖舒默说，他要求新的国土安全部长凯利采取行动。

Refugee Supporters Launch 2nd Day of Anti-Trump Protests in US Cities

Thousands of demonstrators gathered Sunday near the White House in Washington, launching a second day of protests in cities across the United States against President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven Muslim countries.

Chanting "No hate, no fear, refugees are welcome here," protesters took aim at Trump's executive order, which blocks the arrival of all refugees to the United States for at least 120 days. It also bars visa holders from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Iraq, Sudan and Yemen for 90 days and bans Syrian nationals indefinitely.

Protests also were under way in New York's Battery Park, which overlooks the Statue of Liberty -- America's iconic beacon that has inspired and welcomed immigrants from across the globe for more than 140 years. Protests also were held in Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Houston, Boston, Atlanta, Louisville and Detroit.

At the Battery Park protest, U.S. Senate Democratic Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said he urged new Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to take action in the dispute.