利比里亚总统选举决选投票

星期二，利比里亚人参加总统选举决选投票。两位候选人一个是前世界足球先生、民主变革大会候选人乔治·维阿，另一个是团结党候选人、现任副总统约瑟夫·博阿凯。两位候选人之一获胜，将接替现任总统埃伦·约翰逊·瑟利夫。

在10月10日举行的第一轮选举中，得票最多的是上述两位候选人。维阿得票34.4%，博阿凯为28.8%。由于两人的得票率都没有过半，由此启动决选。但由于团结党提出法庭诉讼，原本是要在11月7日举行的选举推迟到现在。

已经连任一次的瑟利夫总统即将卸任。

民意测验专家星期二表示，眼下竞选双方势均力敌难分胜负。正式选举结果预计要几天后才会出来。

Liberians Voting in Presidential Runoff Election

Polls are open in Liberia Tuesday, as voters choose between former soccer star George Weah and Vice President Joseph Boakai to replace President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.

Boakai and Weah were the top vote-getters in the October 10 election, with Weah getting 38.4 percent and Boaki coming in second with 28.8 percent. Since neither received a majority, a runoff election was triggered, but court challenges delayed the vote which was originally set for November 7.

Sirleaf is stepping down after two terms as president.

Pollsters say Tuesday's election is too close to call, and official results aren't expected for a few days.

英国军舰圣诞节在北海阻挡俄罗斯军舰

英国皇家海军证实，一艘英国海军护卫舰圣诞节当天在靠近英国领海的北海水域一艘俄罗斯军舰经过时紧急近距离“伴航”。

俄罗斯海军的戈尔什科夫海军元帅号军舰在北海靠近英国水域的海域经过时，英国皇家海军的圣爱尔班号号护卫舰进行了监视。

虽然这样的航行经常发生，但是最近数天以来经过英国领海附近水域的俄罗斯舰船数量有所增加。

英国皇家海军说，最近经过英国水域的俄罗斯船只有很大增加。英国最近警告说，俄罗斯对海底的因特网电缆构成新威胁。

英国国防参谋长、空军上将彼奇爵士12月早些时候说，英国和北约应该以保护通讯线路为当务之急。他说，如果通讯线路被切断或受到干扰，经济会立即受到冲击，并有可能导致灾难性后果。

海底铺设有连接各大洲以及各国的纵横交错的电缆。

Royal Navy Frigate Intercepts Russian Warship in the North Sea Christmas Day

A British naval frigate escorted a Russian warship through the North Sea near UK waters on Christmas Day, the Royal Navy confirmed.

The HMS St. Albans monitored the Russian vessel Admiral Gorshkov as it made its way across the North Sea close to Britain.

Although such crossings are fairly routine, there has been a rise in the number of Russian ships passing close to British territorial waters in recent days.

The Royal Navy said there had been a recent "upsurge in Russian units transiting UK waters". Britain recently warned of a new threat posed by Russia to internet cables under the sea.

Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart Peach, the chief of the defense staff, said earlier this month that Britain and NATO needed to prioritize protecting the lines of communication.

He said it would "immediately and potentially catastrophically" hit the economy if they were cut or disrupted.

The cables criss-cross the seabed, connecting up countries and continents.