川普誓言捍卫西方文明

美国总统川普在波兰华沙发表他这次欧洲之行的第一次重要公开演讲。川普在演讲中警告说，西方价值观正在受到攻击，并质问西方人民是否有意为维护价值观而奋斗。

川普总统说：“我们这个时代最根本的问题是，西方是否有生存的斗志。我们是否对我们的价值观有信心、愿意为了维护它们而付出任何代价？我们是否足够尊重我们的公民、愿意守卫我们的边境？”

在5000多名听众的掌声中，川普补充说：“虽然我们永远欢迎那些和我们有着共同价值观、爱着我们的人民的新公民，但是我们的边境永远不会对任何形式的恐怖主义和极端主义开放。”

许多波兰人支持川普总统禁止部分穆斯林国家旅客入境美国的命令，并且坚决反对接纳欧洲摊派的难民。

川普表示，他已呼吁穆斯林国家驱逐恐怖主义威胁。

川普说：“面对共同的敌人，我们必须团结一致，剥夺他们的领土、资金和组织，以及他们所享有的任何形式的意识形态支持。”

据悉有不少听众是坐着大巴从波兰各地赶来听川普演讲的。在演讲过程中，人群反复呼喊“唐纳德·川普”、“美国”等口号。

也有一小群反对者前来抗议，他们中大部分人反对川普退出巴黎气候协定。这些抗议者被挡在距离华沙克拉辛斯基广场很远的地方。

In Poland, Trump Backs NATO, Pledges To Defend Borders and Defeat Terror

In his first major public speech in Europe, U.S. President Donald Trump has warned that the values of the West are under attack and questioned whether its people have the will to fight for it.

Speaking in Warsaw, Poland, the president said “The fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive. Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders?”

“While we will always welcome new citizens who share our values and love our people, our borders will always be closed to terrorism and extremism of any kind,” he added to applause from the 5,000-strong crowd.

Many Poles are supportive of President Trump’s proposed ban on immigration from some Muslim countries, and are fiercely opposed to accepting quotas of refugees from Europe.

The president said he had called on Muslim nations to drive out the menace of terrorism.

“We must stand united against these shared enemies to strip them of their territory and their funding, and their networks, and any form of ideological support that they may have.”

Throughout his speech the passionate crowd – many of whom had reportedly been bussed in from across Poland - repeatedly chanted "Donald Trump" and "USA".

Small groups of protestors, many of whom demonstrated against President Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement, were kept well away from the speech in Warsaw’s Krasninski Square.

塞浦路斯会谈破裂

联合国为结束塞浦路斯40多年分裂状态在瑞士举行的会谈破裂，最终无法达成协议。

联合国秘书长古铁雷斯星期五说：“遗憾的是，这次会议无法达成协议，没能为这一拖延已久的问题找到解决方案。”

参加这次会谈的包括希腊裔和土耳其裔塞浦路斯领导人，以及希腊、土耳其和前殖民统治者英国这三个担保方的代表。欧盟高级官员也出席的会谈。

1974年，塞浦路斯的希腊裔武装为加入希腊发动起义，土耳其为此出兵入侵塞浦路斯，随后占领了塞浦路斯北方三分之一的土地。土耳其在北塞浦路斯驻扎着3万5千人的部队。希腊裔社区认为他们是威胁，希望驻军撤走；土耳其裔塞浦路斯人却把驻军看做是对自己安全的保障。

土耳其外长恰武什奥卢说，瑞士会谈的主要障碍是希腊和希腊裔塞浦路斯人坚持要求土耳其把驻军全部撤走，并废除军事干预的权利。

联合国秘书长古铁雷斯说，虽然瑞士会谈破裂，“但这并不意味着不能寻找解决塞浦路斯问题的其他办法。”

古铁雷斯说：“联合国发挥的是协调者的作用，只要会谈各方有达成协议的意愿，我们随时愿意效劳。”

Cyprus Deal Talks Collapse

U.N.-sponsored talks in Switzerland aimed at ending a stalemate that has kept the island of Cyprus divided for more than four decades have ended without an agreement.

U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Friday, "Unfortunately...an agreement was not possible and the conference was closed without the possibility to bring a solution to this dramatically long-lasting problem."

Conference participants in the United Nations' attempt to reunite the island included the Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders and representatives of the three guarantor powers -- Greece, Turkey and former colonial ruler Britain. Senior European Union officials were also in attendance.

Cyprus has been divided since 1974, when Turkish troops invaded and later occupied its northern third in response to an Athens-inspired uprising seeking union with Greece. Turkey maintains 35,000 Turkish troops in north Cyprus. The Greek community views them as a danger and wants them to leave. The Turkish Cypriots, however, see the troops as a guarantee of their safety.

Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said the main sticking point in the Swiss talks was Greek and Greek Cypriot insistence that Turkey withdraw all of its troops from the island and for military intervention rights to be abolished.

Guterres said even though the talks had collapsed "that doesn't mean that other initiatives cannot be developed in order to address the Cyprus problem."

The secretary-general said, "The United Nations role is the role of a facilitator and we will be always at the disposal of the parties willing to come to an agreement..."