弗林的律师团不再与川普团队合作

代表前国家安全顾问弗林的律师团终止了与白宫的一项协议，不再与白宫分享有关调查中的俄罗斯涉嫌干预美国选举的信息。

《纽约时报》星期四最先报道了这一消息。这个决定可能意味着弗林正在与特别检察官穆勒的调查合作。调查核心是确定俄罗斯是否干预了2016年的美国大选，以及川普竞选团队是否与莫斯科有任何联系。

在重大的刑事调查中，被告律师之间经常互相分享信息。但是如果任何一方有可能与检察官谈判达成交易，这种沟通和信息分享就可能违背道德准则了。

如果弗林与检方达成交易，检方将可能进一步了解川普总统的团队在竞选期间以及刚入主白宫时有哪些活动。

弗林2月辞去了在川普政府内担任的职务，因为此前有披露的消息说，弗林在他与俄罗斯大使基斯利亚克会面的问题上误导了副总统彭斯。

Flynn's Lawyers to Stop Cooperating With Trump Team

The legal team representing former national security adviser Michael Flynn has ended an agreement to share information with the White House about the ongoing Russia probe.

The New York Times first reported Thursday that the decision might mean that Flynn is cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible meddling by Russia in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and any potential ties between the Trump campaign and Moscow.

In major criminal investigations, defense lawyers routinely share information with each other. But it can become unethical to continue such communication if one of the potential targets is looking to negotiate a deal with prosecutors.

A deal with Flynn would give prosecutors insight into how President Donald Trump’s team conducted itself during the campaign and the early days of the administration.

Flynn resigned from the Trump’s administration in February after it was revealed that he misled Vice President Mike Pence about conversations he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

美国加州爆发甲型肝炎

自从1996年有了可以预防甲型肝炎的疫苗以来，美国加利福尼亚州正发生最大规模的甲型肝炎人与人之间的传染。

迄今加州已发现了600多个病例，其中21人死亡。加州公共卫生部说，大部分感染甲型肝炎的人是无家可归者和在卫生状况不佳的地方使用毒品的人。

洛杉矶市区有一个流浪人口聚集的地区。最近一项调查显示，那里的卫生状况低于联合国的难民营标准。根据联合国标准，每20人应有一个公共厕所。

分析人士说，糟糕的卫生状况成为甲型肝炎病毒流行的温床。

California Experiences Hepatitis A Outbreak

The U.S. state of California is experiencing the largest person-to-person outbreak of Hepatitis A in the United States since a vaccine to prevent the liver disease became available in 1996.

More than 600 cases have been reported in the state and 21 people have died. According to the California Department of Public Health, most of those infected are homeless or use drugs in places where sanitation has been a challenge.

An area in downtown Los Angeles is known for its homeless population. A recent study found that the area fell short of U.N. refugee camp standards calling for one public toilet for every 20 people.

Analysts say unsanitary conditions can become a breeding ground for the hepatitis A virus.