乌克兰外长：俄罗斯并非存在于真空 制裁行之有效

乌克兰外交部长感谢加拿大和欧盟本星期宣布的决定，称之为国际社会团结一致，站在乌克兰一边，向俄罗斯发送明确信息的“重要”行动。

欧盟理事会主席塔斯克星期四宣布，欧盟28个成员国在继续对俄罗斯实施经济制裁的问题上团结一致。

欧盟限制俄罗斯进入欧盟这个诱人市场的制裁始于2014年，作为对俄罗斯并吞克里米亚并故意在相邻的一个主权国家制造不稳定的反应。欧盟说，对俄罗斯的制裁定期审议，以确保能实现既定目标。

这个星期早些时候，加拿大宣布将乌克兰列入自动武器控制名单，因而任何加拿大个人或公司都可以申请向乌克兰出口某些被禁止的武器弹药和装备。

Ukraine Foreign Minister: Russia Does Not Live in a Vacuum, Sanctions Are Effective

The Ukraine’s foreign minister applauded decisions announced this week by Canada and the European Union (EU) as “important” in demonstrating the international community’s solidarity with Ukraine and sending a clear message to Russia.

EU Council President Donald Tusk announced on Thursday that leaders of the organization’s 28 member states were “united on the rollover of economic sanctions on Russia.”

The European Union’s sanctions post constraints for Russia’s access to the coveted EU markets. Initially, they were put in place in 2014 “in response to the illegal annexation of Crimea and deliberate destabilization of a neighboring sovereign country." The EU said the sanctions are kept under “constant review” in order that they continue to contribute toward their stated objectives.

Earlier this week, the Canadian government added Ukraine to its Automatic Firearms Country Control List, thus enabling Canadian individuals and companies to apply for permits to export certain prohibited firearms, weapons and devices to Ukraine.

美国关注在缅甸被逮捕的两名记者

美国驻缅甸大使馆表示关注两名路透社记者3天前在缅甸被逮捕的事件。

美国大使馆星期五发布声明说，自从31岁的瓦龙（Wa Lone）与27岁的觉梭（Kyaw Soe Oo）被逮捕以来，始终没有得到有关他们的任何消息，他们的家人也未获准探视。

美国国防部长马蒂斯星期五对记者说，美国关注所有因从事其职业而被逮捕的新闻记者。

路透社总裁阿德勒星期三发表声明，说路透社对这一肆无忌惮践踏新闻自由的事件万分愤慨。

联合国秘书长古特雷斯星期四说，逮捕事件显示，缅甸的新闻自由在减少。他说，国际社会必须尽力帮助被逮捕的记者获释。

瓦龙和觉梭两人被捕前在采编有关缅甸军队在若开邦进行镇压的新闻。缅甸的少数族裔罗兴亚人在若开邦生活。军方的镇压迫使大约60万罗兴亚人逃到邻国孟加拉。联合国称在若开邦的镇压为典型的种族清洗。

瓦龙和觉梭星期二应邀到仰光郊区和警察官员共进晚餐后失踪。缅甸新闻部说，这两人有意与外国媒体分享非法获得的信息。

缅甸新闻部发布了两人戴着手铐的照片，但是没有正式通知路透社这两人的情况。仰光一位法院官员对路透社说，这两人可以在不被起诉的情况下被拘留28天。

US Officials Concerned About 2 Reporters Detained in Myanmar

The U.S. Embassy in Myanmar has said it is concerned about two Reuters journalists who were arrested three days ago in the country.

The embassy said in a statement Friday that there has been no word from Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, since their arrest, and authorities have not allowed their families to visit.

U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis told reporters Friday that the U.S. is concerned anytime reporters are arrested for doing their jobs.

Reuters President Stephen Adler released a statement Wednesday saying Reuters is "outraged" by a "blatant attack on press freedom."

United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday that the arrests are a signal that press freedom is shrinking in Myanmar. He said the international community must do all it can to get them released.

Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were working on stories about a military crackdown on Rakhine state, home to the ethnic minority Rohingya. A military crackdown in that area has driven an estimated 600,000 Rohingya Muslims into neighboring Bangladesh.The United Nations has called the crackdown "a textbook example of ethnic cleansing."

Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo went missing Tuesday after being invited to dinner with police officials on the northern outskirts of the capital, Yangon. Myanmar's Ministry of Information said the reporters "Illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media."

The ministry has released a photo of the two men in handcuffs, although it has not officially notified Reuters of their status. A court official in Yangon told Reuters the men could be held for as long as 28 days without being charged.