古巴纪念菲德尔·卡斯特罗去世一周年

古巴星期六纪念其革命领袖卡斯特罗去世一周年后，星期天开始举行市政选举。古巴60年来将第一次出现一位不是卡斯特罗家族的领导人。

古巴将在星期六到12月4号期间举行一系列纪念活动。卡斯特罗去年12月4号在他当年发动古巴革命的圣地亚哥市的一座墓地下葬。

菲德尔·卡斯特罗去年11月25号去世后，古巴全国哀悼9天。美国曾试图推翻卡斯特罗政权。卡斯特罗这位冷战的代表人物终年90岁。

卡斯特罗在去世前的十年期间由于身体患病很少公开露面。他2006年险些死于内脏疾病，2008年把总统职位交给他的弟弟劳尔·卡斯特罗。

古巴国家媒体报道，古巴全国这个星期将举行纪念卡斯特罗的集会和其它活动。国家电视台播放卡斯特罗的纪录片，文化团体上演纪念卡斯特罗的节目。

古巴公民还将在下星期参加市政选举。选举结果最终将于明年2月底确定一位新总统。劳尔·卡斯特罗说，他在担任了5年为期的两任总统之后将不再连任。

预计权力过渡将逐渐完成。劳尔·卡斯特罗将继续担任古巴共产党主席。共产党是古巴唯一的合法政党。

Cuba Marks First Anniversary of the Death of Fidel Castro

Cuba marks the first anniversary of the death of revolutionary leader Fidel Castro on Saturday followed by municipal elections on Sunday that will usher in a new leader who for the first time in 60 years will not be a Castro brother.

The island will hold a series of remembrances from Saturday through December 4, the day Castro was laid to rest in a cemetery in Santiago de Cuba, where he had launched the Cuban revolution.

Fidel Castro’s death last year on November 25 ushered in a nine days of national mourning. The Cold War icon, who defied U.S. efforts to topple him, died at the age of 90.

By the time he died, Castro had already been largely out of public view for nearly a decade because of ill health. He ceded the presidency to his younger brother, Raul Castro, in 2008 after intestinal troubles nearly killed him in 2006.

State-run media report that galas and vigils will be held around the country this week in honor of Fidel Castro. State television is running archived footage of Fidel Castro and cultural institutions are dedicating their performances to his memory.

During the weeklong events, citizens will also take part in municipal elections. The vote will end with the selection of a new president in late February, after Raul Castro said he would step down at the end of his two consecutive five-year terms.

The transition to new leadership, however, is expected to be gradual as Raul Castro will remain head of the Communist Party, the only legal party in Cuba.

伦敦地铁站据报有枪声 调查未发现伤亡

伦敦警方星期五对有关一个繁忙地铁站发生枪击的消息进行调查后没有发现有人伤亡。

警方起初以应对恐怖主义事件的方式做出反应，但是后来说，没有发现任何嫌疑人的任何线索，也没有发现发生枪击的证据或人员伤亡。

伦敦警方发布的声明说：“根据收到的信息，伦敦警察局依照发生恐怖事件的行动程序做出反应，包括出动配备武器的警官。”

配备武器和不携带武器的警察与英国交通警察同时出现在现场。交通警察说，一名妇女离开那里时受了轻伤。

社交媒体上的视频显示大批人迅速离开牛津广场地铁站。

英国交通警察局发布的声明说，接获一个地铁站台上发生枪击的消息后，警察赶到现场。

牛津广场是伦敦市中心商家店铺云集的地方。社交媒体上的消息说，看到很多人跑离牛津广场地区。

No Casualties After Gunshots Reported at London Subway Station

London police found no casualties Friday after investigating reports of shots fired at a busy subway station.

Police initially responded as if the incident were terror-related, but later said they "have not located any trace of any suspects, evidence of shots fired or casualties."

“Given the nature of the information received, the Met responded in line with our existing operation as if the incident was terrorism, including the deployment of armed officers,” the police said in a statement.

Armed and unarmed officers are on scene and working along with colleagues from British Transport Police, which said a woman sustained a "minor injury" while leaving the area.

Videos posted on social media showed a rush of people leaving the area around the Oxford Circus tube station.

In a statement, the British Transport Police said officers were called to the station after reports of gunfire on a subway platform.

The area is a crowded shopping district in the center of the city. Social media reports said people were seen running from the area.