韩国总统对访朝持开放态度

刚刚当选的韩国新总统文在寅星期三表示，他愿意访问朝鲜，并且与中国和美国就韩国部署有争议的美国萨德反导系统进行磋商。

在星期二举行的韩国大选获胜后，文在寅在首尔举行的仪式上宣誓就职。

韩国选举委员会表示，文在寅赢得百分之41的选票。保守派的洪准杓获得百分之24的选票，中间派候选人安哲秀获得百分之21的选票。

这位韩国共同民主党候选人在两位主要对手承认竞选失败之后，在首尔对欢呼的支持者说，“我将做全体韩国人的总统”。

在经历了前总统朴槿惠被弹劾的政治动荡时期之后，韩国此次大选的投票率创下了百分之77的历史纪录。

South Korean President Moon Says Open to North Korea Visit

Newly elected South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Wednesday he is willing to visit North Korea, and to negotiate with China and the United States over the controversial deployment of a U.S. missile defense system in South Korea.

Moon took the official oath of office during a ceremony in Seoul following Tuesday's election victory.

South Korea's election commission said Moon won 41 percent of the vote, beating out conservative Hong Joon-pyo, who finished at 24 percent, and centrist Ahn Cheol-soo, who got 21 percent.

"I will be president for all South Koreans," the Liberal Democratic Party of Korea candidate told cheering supporters in Seoul, after his two closest rivals conceded defeat.

Voter turnout was historically high at 77 percent following a tumultuous political period in which ex-President Park Geun-hye was removed from office.

联合国谴责4名维和人员在中非被杀

联合国秘书长古铁雷斯对四名驻中非共和国维和人员被杀提出谴责，他们的车队遭到袭击，怀疑是“反巴拉卡”激进分子所为。

“联合国中非共和国多层面综合稳定团”星期二发表一份声明，证实一名柬埔寨维和人员死亡的消息，后来又补充声明，“深切悲伤地证实，昨天袭击事件中3名失踪的维和人员已经丧生”。

联合国车队在尤格方格村附近遭到袭击，那里距离中非首都班吉470多公里。

古铁雷斯秘书长呼吁中非共和国的所有各方“听从图瓦德拉总统的号召，停止暴力行动，共同致力于该国的稳定。”

UN Condemns Killing of 4 Peacekeepers in CAR

U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has condemned the killing of four peacekeepers in the Central African Republic, following an attack on their convoy by suspected anti-Balaka militants.

MINUSCA, the U.N. mission in the C.A.R., issued a statement Tuesday confirming the death of one Cambodian peacekeeper and later added it was "deeply saddened to confirm that three of the four peacekeepers that were missing in action since yesterday's attack have been found dead."

The convoy was attacked near Yogofongo village, more than 470 kilometers from the central African country's capital Bangui.

Guterres also called on all parties in the C.A.R. "to heed President Faustin Archange Touadera's call to cease violence and work together towards the stability of the country."