伊拉克2016年近7千平民死于恐怖袭击和其他暴力

联合国星期一表示，恐怖主义和其他暴力活动去年造成6千8百78 名平民丧生，1万2千3百88人受伤。

不过，实际的伤亡数字可能更高，因为这些数字并没有算上5月，7月，8月和12月在伊拉克西部安巴尔省的平民伤亡数字。

联合国说，尽管恐怖分子去年年底前增加了针对平民的恐怖爆炸袭击，不过12月的伤亡人数比前几个月有所下降。

联合国秘书长的伊拉克特别代表简·库比斯说：“毫无疑问，伊斯兰国极端组织在摩苏尔遭遇失败后企图转移人们的注意，不幸的是，无辜的平民为此付出了代价。”

Terrorism and other Violence Killed Nearly 7,000 Civilians in Iraq in 2016

The United Nations said Monday that terrorism and other acts of violence in Iraq killed at least 6,878 civilians and wounded another 12,388 last year.

But the casualty figures may actually be higher because they do not include civilians who were killed or injured in Iraq's western Anbar province during the months of May, July, August and December.

The U.N. said civilian casualty figures for December are lower compared to previous months, despite noticing an increase in terrorist bombings toward the end of the month that targeted civilians.

"There is, no doubt, an attempt by Daesh (an Arabic acronym for Islamic State) to divert attention from their losses in (the Iraqi city) of Mosul and, unfortunately, it is the innocent civilians who are paying the price," said Jan Kubis, Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary General for Iraq.

叙利亚反政府力量中止和谈计划

叙利亚反政府力量说，他们要中止有关本月在哈萨克斯坦举行和平谈判的协商，因为他们说政府军一再违反停火协议。

主要由温和派反政府力量组成的联盟－叙利亚自由军星期一发表声明说，他们在叙利亚全国遵守了停火，但是叙利亚政府及其盟友并没有停止袭击，频繁地严重违反停火协议。

反政府力量说，叙利亚政府军的任何前进都是违反停火，他们认为停火已成一纸空文。

斡旋和平谈判的俄罗斯与土耳其还没有回应反政府力量的声明发表。

叙利亚停火上星期生效。但是反政府力量说，叙利亚部队和他们的真主党盟友仍在设法夺取大马士革附近城市供水系统所在的反政府武装控制区域。

Syrian Rebels Suspend Plans for Taking Part in Peace Talks

Syrian rebels say they are suspending negotiations to join peace talks in Kazakhstan later this month because of what they say are repeated cease-fire violations by Syrian government forces.

A coalition of mostly moderate rebel groups, the Free Syrian Army, put out a statement Monday saying, "they respected the cease-fire across the whole of Syria...but the regime and its allies have not stopped shooting and have launched major and frequent violations."

The rebels say any advance by the Syrian army violates the cease-fire and that they will consider the truce to be "null and void."

Russia and Turkey, which are organizing the peace talks, have not yet commented on the rebel statement.

The cease-fire took effect last week. But the rebels say Syrian fighters and their Hezbollah allies are still striving to recapture a rebel-held area near Damascus in which the city's water supply is located.