土耳其加强打击伊斯兰国

据有关官员和分析人士消息，自从伊斯兰国声称在新年前夜制造了伊斯坦布尔莱纳夜总会致命袭击事件后，土耳其 一直在强化对伊斯兰国激进分子的打击。

由土耳其一家私人公司搜集的数据显示，今年已有8名伊斯兰国激进分子在土耳其被打死，近5百人被捕，525人被判刑。

另外，土耳其表示，最近完成了在叙利亚北部代号为“幼发拉底之盾”的军事行动，自从该战役去年8月开始以来，已经打死2288名伊斯兰国成员，其中包括今年打死的750人。

近几年里，土耳其一直因允许伊斯兰国激进分子从其他国家借道土耳其进入邻国叙利亚和伊拉克，并允许伊斯兰国的同情者在土耳其东南部获得庇护而受到激烈的抨击。

土耳其同时也一直是伊斯兰国激进分子袭击的目标，其中包括由一名乌兹别克枪手实施的莱纳袭击事件，事件导致39人丧生，多人受伤。

鉴于来自伊斯兰国的袭击变得清晰明确，土耳其从2015年年中开始在打击叙利亚和伊拉克的伊斯兰国分子的联盟中发挥了更大的作用，并开始在国内系统地打击伊斯兰国力量。

土耳其副总理凯纳克所说，在过去两年里，有7万4千名来到土耳其以进入叙利亚并加入伊斯兰国组织的外国人，被抓获并遭到驱逐。

Turkey Intensifies Crackdown on Islamic State

Turkey has intensified its crackdown on Islamic State-associated militants since the deadly New Year's Eve attack on Istanbul's Reina nightclub that was claimed by IS, according to officials and analysts.

Data gathered by a private Turkish firm says eight IS militants have been killed in Turkey this year, with nearly 500 others arrested and 525 convicted.

In addition, Turkey says its recently completed military operation in northern Syria, known as Euphrates Shield, killed 2,288 IS members since it began last August, including 750 this year.

In past years, Turkey came under blistering criticism for allowing IS militants from other countries to gain passage into neighboring Syria and Iraq and allowing IS sympathizers to gain havens in the southeast of the country.

Turkey has been targeted by IS militants several times including the Reina attack by an Uzbek gunman that took 39 lives and wounded many others.

As the threat from IS became clear, Turkey took on a larger role in the coalition campaign against IS in Syria and Iraq in mid-2015 and began a systematic crackdown internally.

According to Deputy Prime Minister Veysi Kaynak, 74,000 foreigners who came to Turkey to enter Syria and join IS have been caught and expelled in the last two years.

斯里兰卡洪水泥石流180人遇难

斯里兰卡西南部的搜救人员星期一在努力定位并疏散受连日季风雨所导致的洪水和泥石流影响的民众。灾害已经造成180人丧生。

斯里兰卡国家灾害管理中心表示，有100多人失踪，大约7万5千人在该国南部和西部设立的救灾营受到安置。

该中心补充说，重灾区的洪水正在消退，但是对紧急人道救援物资的需求仍然很高。

军方已经使用飞机、船只和地面部队努力抵达那些需要帮助的人。此次洪水已经总计影响到55万多人。

Floods, Mudslides Kill 180 in Sri Lanka

Search and rescue teams in southwestern Sri Lanka worked Monday to locate and evacuate people affected by days of floods and mudslides from monsoon rains that have killed 180 people.

The country's Disaster Management Center said more than 100 people were missing, and that about 75,000 people had taken shelter in relief camps set up in the south and west.

It added that floodwaters were retreating in the worst-hit areas, but that the need for immediate humanitarian relief supplies remained high.

The military has used aircraft, boats and troops on the ground to try to reach those in need of help. In all, the flooding has affected more than 550,000 people.