美海军官员：海军将解除第七舰队司令的职务

在发生多起涉及海军战舰相撞事故之后，美国海军预计将于星期三解除第七舰队司令的职务。在星期一的事故中，有10名水兵丧生。

官员告诉多个新闻机构，美国太平洋舰队司令、海军上将斯科特·斯威夫特在日本同海军中将约瑟夫•奥克林会面后将解除其职务

奥克林原定于明年1月退役，但是在“约翰·S·麦凯恩号”成为两个月内第二艘与一艘商船相撞的美国导弹驱逐舰之后，他的退役提前了。

斯威夫特星期二在一个新闻发布会上说，潜水人员从驱逐舰上找到了人的尸骸，这艘驱逐舰遭受了“巨大损坏”。

美国调查人员正在试图确定是什么原因导致这艘驱逐舰与一艘利比里亚油轮在马六甲海鲜附近相撞。海军的图片显示，吃水线以下的左舷处裂开一个大洞。一些睡舱和通讯室因此被水淹没。

作为对该事件的回应，美国海军下令美国舰队即刻 “暂停行动”。

白宫新闻办公厅星期二发布一份声明，对死难的10名美国水兵表示哀悼。

声明说：“在海军开始寻找我们丧生的水兵的同时，我们对他们的家人和朋友寄予哀思，并为他们祈祷。”

US Officials: Navy to Relieve 7th Fleet Commander After Collision

The U.S. Navy is expected to relieve the commander of the 7th Fleet on Wednesday after several collisions involving warships, including one Monday that killed 10 U.S. sailors.

Officials told multiple news agencies that Navy Pacific Fleet commander Admiral Scott Swift would remove Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin after meeting with him in Japan.

Aucoin was due to retire in January, but his departure was moved up after the USS John S. McCain became the second U.S. guided-missile destroyer to collide with a commercial vessel in as many months.

Scott said at a news conference Tuesday that divers have recovered human remains from the ship, which suffered "significant damage."

U.S. investigators are trying to determine what led to the collision with a Liberian tanker ship near the Strait of Malacca. Navy photos show a gaping hole below the waterline on the destroyer's port side. Some sleeping areas and communications rooms flooded as a result.

In response to the incident, the Navy ordered an immediate operational pause across the U.S. fleet.

The White House Press Office released a statement Tuesday mourning the deaths of the 10 U.S. sailors..

"As the Navy begins the process of recovering our fallen sailors, our thoughts and prayers go out to their families and friends," the statement said.

川普在亚利桑那集会上严厉批评媒体

川普总统星期二晚上对媒体进行了长时间的严厉批评。他把记者与叛徒相提并论，称他们是“不喜欢我们国家的坏人。”

在凤凰城会议中心举行的政治集会上，总统重述了他在维吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔市8月12日发生致命冲突后发表的谴责新纳粹分子和三K党的声明。但他省略了他在指责“双方”对暴力均负有责任时所使用的最具争议的言辞。

川普还指责媒体没有报道他的评论。他说：“我说种族主义是邪恶的，他们报道了吗？”人群大声回应说：“没有！”

川普宣告说： “我是一个希望说实话的人。我是一个诚实的人。”

亚利桑那州的两位共和党参议员都与总统发生过冲突，他们没有参加这次集会。川普未点名地批评了麦凯恩和弗雷克。

在去年的大选中，川普在这个西部州以高出3.5%的选票击败了民主党竞选对手希拉里.克林顿。凤凰城市中心吸引了成千上万名川普的支持者和抗议者。为了避免出现暴力活动，安全部队采取了严密的预防措施。

星期二在亚利桑那州的活动是川普为2020年竞选连任在8个月中所举行的第八次集会。

In Arizona Rally, Trump Attacks Media, Calling Them 'Bad People'

President Donald Trump went on an extended tirade against the media on Tuesday evening, equating reporters with traitors calling them “bad people who “don’t like our country.”

During a political rally in the Phoenix Convention Center, the president recited previous statements he made criticizing neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan following the fatal August 12 clash in Charlottesville, Virginia. But Trump omitted his most controversial words he used to blame the violence “on both sides.”

Trump also accused the media of not reporting his comments.

“Did they report I said racism is evil?”

“No!,” the crowd loudly replied.

“I’m a person who wants to tell the truth,” Trump declared. “I’m an honest person.”

Arizona's two Republican U.S. senators, who have both clashed with the president, skipped the event. Trump criticized both John McCain and Jeff Flake without mentioning their names.

Trump’s presence in the Western state, where he beat Democrat Hillary Clinton by 3.5 percent in last year's presidential election, drew tens of thousands of his supporters and protesters to downtown Phoenix, and intense precautions by security forces hoping to prevent violence.

Tuesday’s event in Arizona was Trump’s eighth rally in eight months for his 2020 re-election campaign.