川普和特雷莎·梅将在白宫会晤 贸易是会谈重点

英国首相特雷莎·梅星期五将在白宫会晤美国总统川普，这两位领导人还将举行联合记者招待会。

特雷莎·梅是川普上任后第一位到访的外国元首。

特雷莎·梅星期四在费城向聚集在那里开会的共和党人发表演讲，她说美国与英国干预别国，按照自己的模式改造其它国家的日子应该一去不复返了。

她说，美国和英国需要维护自己的价值，不能回到她所说的“过去失败的政策。”

特雷莎·梅还呼吁改革联合国和北约等多国机构，使他们更符合时代需要和目的明确。她还呼吁这些机构的成员国不要依赖美国。

Trump, May to Meet at White House, Trade to be Key Topic

British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump Friday at the White House where the two world leaders will hold a joint news conference.

She will be the first foreign leader to meet with Trump in Washington since he took office.

On Thursday, May spoke to a gathering of U.S. Republican leaders in Philadelphia where she said the days of the U.S. and Britain intervening in other nations to remake them in their image are over.

May said it is in British and American interests to defend their values, but not go back to what she called the "failed policies of the past."

May also called for reform in such multinational institutions as the U.N. and NATO "to make them more relevant and purposeful." She said their members have to stop leaning on the United States.

白宫：川普有多种办法让墨西哥为边界墙出钱

白宫表示，川普总统有多种办法让墨西哥为修建美墨边界墙出钱。

白宫发言人斯派塞星期四早些时候说，川普总统将会向墨西哥征收20%的进口税。他说，新的税收政策将会带来一年100亿美元的收入，并能轻松支付修墙的费用。斯派塞又表示，川普总统与国会领导人讨论了这个提议，希望把这个措施加入需要国会批准的全面税务改革方案中。

不过后来白宫又说，这个提议只是支付修墙费用多种方案中的一种。白宫还说，川普总统还没有最后决定如何来弥补修建边界墙的这笔费用。

这笔高达150亿美元的费用最初可能由美国纳税人来买单。

目前还不清楚如果边界税的措施被批准，墨西哥会采取什么样的报复行动，因为向美国出口是墨西哥经济的重要来源。

墨西哥总统涅托星期四早些时候取消了下星期与川普在华盛顿的会晤，因为川普说，如果墨西哥坚持不出钱修建边界墙，会谈就不必举行了。

White House: Trump Has a 'Buffet of Options' to Get Mexico to Pay for Border Wall

The White House says President Donald Trump has a "buffet of options" on how to get Mexico to pay for the wall he wants to build along the U.S.-Mexican border.

Earlier Thursday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Trump wanted to slap a 20 percent tax on all imports from Mexico. He said the new tax would raise $10 billion a year and "easily pay for the wall." He also said the president discussed the idea with congressional leaders and wanted to include the measure in a comprehensive tax reform package that Congress would have to approve.

But later, the White House said the idea is just one of several options on the table for paying for a wall along the southern border. And it said Trump has yet to make a final decision about how the U.S. will recoup the costs of his proposed border wall.

U.S. taxpayers initially would foot the bill for the wall, which is expected to cost as much as $15 billion.

It is unclear what retaliatory steps Mexico could take if the border tax is approved, because exports to the U.S. are essential to the Mexican economy.

Earlier Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled next week's meeting with Trump in Washington after Trump said the talks should be called off if Mexico keeps insisting it will not pay for the wall.