泰国吊销被罢免的前总理的护照

泰国说，有关部门已经吊销了被罢免的前总理英拉的护照。英拉涉嫌混乱大米补贴计划案，上个月在法院宣布判决前逃离了这个国家。

泰国外交部说，英拉携带了两本外交护照和两本私人护照。

泰国最高法院九月份认定英拉犯有玩忽职守罪，缺席判决她五年监禁，因为英拉在判决宣布前就逃离了泰国。

泰国政府在大米计划中损失10亿多美元，政府的目标是以高于市场的价格从贫穷农民手中购买大米，然后高价转售。

英拉否认有关指控，称这些指控有政治动机。泰国外交部说，据信英拉目前住在英国，但是不知道她的确切下落。

Thailand Revokes Passports of Ousted Prime Minister

Thailand says it has revoked the passports of ousted Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who fled the country last month before facing sentencing in connection with a botched rice subsidy program.

The Foreign Ministry says Yingluck carried two diplomatic passports and two personal ones.

Yingluck was convicted by Thailand's supreme court in September on charges of negligence and sentenced in absentia to five years in prison, as she fled Thailand before the verdict was announced.

The government lost over $1 billion in the scheme, which bought rice at above-market prices from poor farmers and aimed to resell it later at a higher price.

Yingluck has denied the charges, claiming they were politically motivated. The foreign ministry says it is believed she is living in the United Kingdom, but her exact whereabouts are unknown.

澳大利亚太平洋难民收容中心最后一批难民拒接撤离

600多名寻求避难的人星期二拒绝撤离澳大利亚管理的一所难民收容中心，他们担心有可能会遭受当地人的暴力。

这些被拘押的人坚持留在位于太平洋岛国巴布亚新几内亚的马努斯岛收容中心，不过有关官员计划星期二傍晚将对这处设施断水断电。

上述600多人的律师已上诉巴布亚新几内亚最高法院，要求进行临时干预，阻止收容中心关闭。

寻求避难的人表示，一批身份不明的当地人已经进入收容中心，并搬走设施内的家具等物品。

这些人说，堪培拉雇佣守卫这处设施的私人保安部队已经离开了马努斯收容中心。巴布亚新几内亚官员表示，这个中心星期三将移交给该国防卫部队控制，届时依然留在那里的人将被视为擅自进入军事基地。

Last Remaining Group of Refugees at Australian-Run Pacific Camp Refuse to Leave

More than 600 asylum seekers are refusing to leave an Australian-run refugee detention center Tuesday, fearing they may be subjected to violence by local residents.

The detainees are holding fast to remain in the Manus Island center, located on the Pacific island nation of Papua New Guinea, despite plans by officials to shut off all water and electricity to the compound by late Tuesday afternoon.

Lawyers for the 600-plus men have appealed to Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court for a temporary injunction to prevent the camp from being closed.

Asylum-seekers say a group of unidentified local men have entered the camp and removed furniture and other things from the facility.

The detainees say the private security forces hired by Canberra to guard the facility have left the Manus center. PNG officials say the center will be transferred to the control of its defense forces on Wednesday, and anyone still on the grounds will be considered to be trespassing on a military base.