美国在对非法移民的突袭中逮捕680多人

美国国土安全部称，移民官员在最近针对非法移民的突袭中逮捕了680多人，其中大多数是罪犯。

国土安全部长约翰·凯利说，被驱逐出境的人中75％有犯罪记录，他称突袭为常规行动。突袭是在洛杉矶、芝加哥、亚特兰大、圣安东尼奥和纽约展开的。

凯利说，非法移民犯下的罪行包括杀人和攻击性性侵。他说，最近突袭的目标是危险的罪犯，但他表示其中也包括违反移民法的人。

美国总统川普星期一说，他正在履行他的竞选承诺，驱逐犯罪的非法移民。他说，“我们正把他们赶出去，我只是在做我说过要做的。”

川普在与加拿大总理特鲁多举行的白宫新闻发布会上说：“我们抓的是罪犯、贩毒分子......我们抓的是坏人……人们会非常非常高兴。”

川普说，政府打击非法移民是站在“常识性立场”。在最近的袭击中被逮捕的人数与在前任总统奥巴马政府的行动中被逮捕的人数相近。

突袭行动并没有不同寻常之出，但有关逮捕的新闻和其他突袭传闻引发了移民的恐慌和混乱。移民权利活动人士说，政府不分青红皂白地驱逐移民，没有考虑他们与社区的关系。

川普在总统竞选期间承诺，他上台后将驱逐200到300万有犯罪记录的非法移民。

Over 680 Migrants Arrested in U.S. Immigration Raids

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security says immigration officers have arrested more than 680 people in recent raids targeting illegal migrants, most of them criminals.

U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said 75 percent of those rounded up for deportation have criminal records, and he described the operations as routine. The raids took place in Los Angeles, Chicago, Atlanta, San Antonio and New York.

Kelly said the crimes committed by the undocumented migrants included homicide and aggravated sexual assault. He said the focus of the recent raids was on dangerous criminals, but said it also included anyone who had broken immigration laws.

President Donald Trump said Monday that he was honoring his campaign pledge to deport criminal illegal migrants. "We're getting them out. I'm just doing what I said I would."

Speaking at a news conference at the White House with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Trump said "We're getting the criminals, the drug lords.... We're getting the bad ones ... People are going to be very, very happy."

Trump described the government's raids against the illegal migrants as "a stance of common sense." The number of arrests during the recent raids is similar to those carried out during operations by the previous administration of Barack Obama.

While the raids were not out of the ordinary, news of the arrests and rumors about other raids sparked fear and confusion among immigrants. Immigration rights activists say the government is deporting migrants indiscriminately, and not taking into account their ties to the community.

During the campaign for president, Trump promised to deport 2-3 million undocumented migrants with criminal records once he took office.

川普的国家安全顾问辞职

美国国家安全顾问迈克尔·弗林辞职。之前出现有关他在与俄罗斯的关系问题上误导政府的大量报道。

弗林在请辞信中说，他不经意地向当时的当选副总统彭斯和其他人通报了他与俄罗斯驻美国大使进行电话通话的不完整信息。

《华盛顿邮报》和《纽约时报》上周五的报道说，弗林与俄罗斯驻美大使讨论了奥巴马政府对俄罗斯的制裁，尽管川普政府不承认谈话内容涉及制裁。

一些民主党参议员要求对弗林进行调查，而另一些民主党人则敦促川普将他解职，并要求情报部门对他的机密许可资格进行审查。

9名据说是现任和前美国官员、但未透露姓名的人士对华盛顿邮报说，弗林和俄罗斯大使谢尔盖·基斯利克明确讨论了奥巴马政府在美国总统大选黑客丑闻后对俄罗斯的制裁。

这些电话是在奥巴马政府计划实施制裁的同时发生的，这引起了美国情报官员的怀疑，并开始进行调查。
Trump's National Security Advisor Resigns

U.S. national security advisor Michael Flynn has resigned following widespread reports he had misled administration officials about his contacts with Russia.

In a resignation letter Flynn said he had inadvertently briefed then Vice President elect Mike Pence and others with incomplete information regarding his phone calls with the Russian ambassador to the United States.

Reports in the Washington Post and New York Times last Friday said Flynn had discussed with the ambassador the sanctions placed on Russia by the Obama administration, despite denials from the Trump administration that the talks dealt with that subject.

Several Democratic senators had called for an investigation of Flynn, while others urged Trump to fire him and for intelligence officials to review his security clearance.

Nine anonymous people described as current and former U.S. officials told the Post that Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak explicitly discussed the sanctions placed on Russia by the Obama administration after the election hacking scandal.

The calls came at the same time as the Obama administration planned to roll out the sanctions, which raised suspicions by U.S. intelligence officials and initiated an investigation.