武装分子袭击索马里酒店 至少20人丧生

索马里救护人员表示，武装分子星期三对索马里首都摩加迪沙的一间酒店发动袭击，造成至少20人死亡，50余人受伤。

目击者告诉美国之音索马里语言组说，当地时间早上近九点时，达亚酒店外一辆卡车上的炸弹被引爆，枪手随即冲击酒店，对酒店建筑造成破坏，向酒店客人开枪，并与保安人员交火。

索马里青年党在网站上宣称对此次袭击负责。该组织此前曾对摩加迪沙的酒店和地标建筑实施过类似袭击。

炸弹爆炸大约40分钟后，酒店外又发生了第二次爆炸。目击者告诉美国之音索马里语言组说，武装分子搭乘的汽车被炸毁，可能是通过遥控起爆。

索马里记者全国联盟秘书长穆罕默德·易卜拉欣·莫阿利穆说，第二次爆炸至少造成7名记者受伤。

Militants Attack Somali Hotel, at Least 20 Dead

Somali rescue workers say at least 20 people were killed and more than 50 injured Wednesday in an attack by militants on a Mogadishu hotel.

Witnesses tell VOA's Somali Service that a truck bomb was detonated outside the Dayah Hotel just before 9 a.m. local time. Gunmen then stormed the damaged building, shooting at guests and exchanging gunfire with security forces.

Islamic militant group al-Shabab, which has carried out similar attacks on hotels and key installations in the city, claimed responsibility for the attack on its website.

About 40 minutes after the attack, a second explosion went off near the hotel. Witnesses told VOA's Somali Service the car which brought militant fighters to the hotel was detonated, possibly by remote control.

At least seven journalists were among those injured in the second explosion, according to Mohamed Ibrahim Moalimu, Secretary General of National Union of Somali Journalists.

国际清廉指数：转向民粹领袖可能会让腐败加剧

一个反腐败的监督组织发表年度报告，将不平等与政府腐败联系起来。报告说，人们越来越寄希望于民粹主义领导人来治理腐败，但是民粹主义可能会导致腐败加剧。

“透明国际”（Transparency International）组织星期三公布年度清廉指数报告。“透明国际”主席何塞·乌盖兹说：“在民粹或专制领导人执政的国家，我们看到民主程度下降，以及压制公民社会，限制新闻自由和司法体系被削弱这一令人担忧的趋势“。乌盖兹说：“这些领导人没有设法治理裙带关系资本主义，通常他们实施更糟糕的腐败体系。”

报告说，这些国家需要进行深层体制改革来解决日益加剧的权力与财富之间的不平衡。

清廉指数报告的根据是对企业领导人和专家对各国政府腐败程度认知的调查。0分是最腐败，100分是最清廉。

报告说，2016年腐败程度恶化的国家多于有改进的国家。

丹麦和新西兰都获得90分，芬兰89分，瑞典88分。报告说，这些国家有开放的政府，自由媒体和独立司法制度。

索马里连续第10年成为得分最低的国家，只有10分，其次是南苏丹11分，朝鲜12分，叙利亚13分。

联合国安理会的5个常任理事国得分差距很大，英国属于最清廉的国家之一，得81分，其次是美国74分，法国69分，中国和俄罗斯则相对腐败，分别是40分和29分。

Corruption Report: Turning to Populist Leaders May Make Things Worse

An anti-corruption watchdog is highlighting a link between inequality and government corruption with the release of its annual global index, saying people are increasingly looking to populist leaders who promise to tackle corruption, but are likely to make the situation worse.

“In countries with populist or autocratic leaders, we often see democracies in decline and a disturbing pattern of attempts to crack down on civil society, limit press freedom, and weaken the independence of the judiciary,” said Jose Ugaz, chair of Transparency International, as the group released its report Wednesday. “Instead of tackling crony capitalism, those leaders usually install even worse forms of corrupt systems.”

The report says countries need “deep-rooted systemic reforms” to address growing imbalances of power and wealth.

The Corruption Perceptions Index is based on surveys and reports of how business leaders and country experts perceive corruption in the public sector. It rates countries on a scale of 0-100, with 0 being a country that is highly corrupt and 100 being very clean.

In 2016, the report said more countries declined than improved when it came to corruption.

The highest ranked countries were Denmark and New Zealand, which each scored 90, Finland with 89 and Sweden with 88. The report said each of those countries has an open government, free press and independent judicial systems.

On the bottom of the index, Somalia ranked as the country with the most perceived corruption for the 10th consecutive year. It scored a 10. South Sudan (11), North Korea (12) and Syria (13) were also at the bottom of the index.

The five countries that serve as the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council represent varying stages of the index, with Britain (81) among the least corrupt, followed by the United States (74) and France (69), while China (40) and Russia (29) scored as more corrupt.