内塔尼亚胡：想毁灭以色列者自己将被毁灭

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡警告那些想毁灭以色列和犹太人的人，他们自己将被毁灭。

内塔尼亚胡于大屠杀纪念日之际，在耶路撒冷犹太人大屠杀纪念馆举行的纪念6百万惨遭杀害的犹太人的活动上发表了上述讲话。

内塔尼亚胡总理说，“伊朗和伊斯兰国希望摧毁我们，他们对犹太人的仇恨今天指向这个犹太人的国家。我们必须能够面对任何威胁和敌人，自己保卫自己。”

他说，大屠杀的教训每天都在引领着他，汲取这个惨痛的历史教训，也是每位以色列总理的“最高职责”所在。但他同时表示，很多情况下，世界并没有从纳粹德国企图彻底消灭犹太人的历史中学到教训。

星期天的纪念活动包括六位大屠杀幸存者点亮六把火炬。

美国总统川普在纽约对世界犹太人大会发表讲话说，“我们无法测度大屠杀造成的痛苦、恐怖和损失”。

Netanyahu: Those Who Want to Destroy Israel Will Be Destroyed Themselves

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is warning those who want to destroy Israel and the Jewish people that they will be destroyed themselves.

Netanyahu spoke at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem memorial to 6 million Jews on Holocaust Remembrance Day.

"Iran and the Islamic State want to destroy us, and hatred for Jews is being directed towards the Jewish state today," Netanyahu said. "We must be able to defend ourselves by ourselves against all threats and any enemy."

He said this lesson from the Holocaust guides him every day and that lesson is also the "supreme duty" of every Israeli prime minister. But he said there are many cases in which the world did not learn the lessons from Nazi Germany's attempt to wipe out the Jewish people.

Sunday's ceremony included six Holocaust survivors lighting six torches.

In New York, President Donald Trump told the World Jewish Congress that the mind "cannot fathom the pain, the horror and the loss" of the Holocaust.

川普再次致电中日领导人讨论朝鲜问题

美国总统川普再次从白宫分别致电日本和中国领导人，讨论对朝鲜问题的忧虑。

日本官员说，川普总统和安倍首相30分钟的电话交谈，意在向平壤施加更大压力，使其不再采取进一步挑衅行动。不过，电话交谈并不是因局势发生任何重大变化而触发的。

安倍星期一在东京告诉记者说，“我们同意强烈要求一再进行挑衅的朝鲜表现出克制。”

安倍补充说，“我们将和美国保持密切接触，保持高度警惕，做出坚定回应。”

安倍首相还说，他与川普总统都认为，中国应当在应对平壤方面发挥更大的作用。

据中国官方新华社报道，川普总统随后和中国国家主席习近平通话。

报道说，习近平在电话中说，希望有关各方保持克制，避免做出加剧半岛局势紧张的事。

白宫官员星期天早些时候对美国之音证实了川普总统和安倍首相的通话，但没有公开细节。

美国官员一再表示，为了应对朝鲜进一步的挑衅行动，不排除“任何选项”。

Trump Again Calls Leaders of China and Japan to Discuss North Korea

President Donald Trump has again made separate telephone calls from the White House to the leaders of Japan and China to discuss concerns about North Korea.

The 30-minute call between Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was meant to increase pressure on Pyongyang not to engage in further provocative actions, but was not prompted by any significant change in the situation, according to officials in Tokyo.

"We agreed to strongly demand North Korea, which is repeating its provocation, show restraint," Abe told reporters in Tokyo on Monday.

"We will maintain close contact with the United States, maintain a high level of vigilance and firmly respond," he added.

Abe also said he and Trump agreed that a larger role in dealing with Pyongyang should be played by China.

Trump subsequently spoke to Chinese President Xi Jinping about North Korea, according to the official Xinhua news agency.

The Chinese president, on the call, said he hopes all sides avoid doing anything to worsen the tense situation on the Korean peninsula, according to the news agency.

White House officials earlier on Sunday had confirmed to VOA News the calls to Abe and Trump would be made but they released no immediate details.

U.S. officials have repeatedly said all options remain "on the table" to deal with further North Korean provocations.