美国考虑关闭驻古巴大使馆

美国国务卿蒂勒森星期天表示，由于在古巴的美国外交官出现多起健康问题，美国正考虑关闭其驻古巴的大使馆。

蒂勒森在CBS的《面对国家》节目中表示“我们正在评估中，对于一些个人所遭受的伤害来说，这是一个非常严重的问题。我们已经让一些人回国。我们正在评估情况。”

至少有21名美国外交人员遭受了美国国务院所说的导致各种症状的事件，包括听力损失，脑震荡，头痛，耳鸣，甚至有注意力不集中和忘记普通词语的问题。部分加拿大外交官和他们的家人也受到影响。

一些人感到振动或只在部分房间听到巨大响声。调查人员认为，这可能是声波袭击所致。还有人没有听到声响，但后来也出现了症状。

美联社报道说，虽然调查人员已经探索了声波或电磁武器的可能性，但没有发现凶手或装置。这些情况最初发生在去年年末，最近发生的时间是今年8月。

华盛顿的国会议员对这些事件表示担忧。上周五，五名共和党参议员给蒂勒森联名写信，要求美国关闭驻古巴大使馆同时驱逐古巴全部驻美国外交人员。

这些参议员在信中说，“古巴忽视保护我们外交官职责的做法不能置之不理。”这些参议员包括阿肯色州联邦参议员汤姆·科顿和佛罗里达州联邦参议员鲁比奥。鲁比奥是知名古巴裔美国人，他对美国缓和与古巴关系的政策持批判态度。

古巴否认与这些事件有关，但表示正配合调查。美国没有就这些事件直接指责古巴，但今年早些时候要求两名古巴外交官离开华盛顿。

美国前总统巴拉克·奥巴马两年前与加勒比岛国古巴恢复邦交，这一举动受到他的继任者唐纳德·川普的批评和威胁。​

US Considering Closing Embassy in Cuba

Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Sunday that the United States is considering closing its embassy in Cuba following a number of "health attacks" on American diplomats there.

"We have it under evaluation. It's a very serious issue with respect to the harm that certain individuals have suffered. We've brought some of those people home. It's under review.'' Tillerson said on the CBS television show Face the Nation.

At least 21 Americans have suffered what the State Department calls "incidents" that have led to a variety of symptoms, including hearing loss, concussions, headaches, ear-ringing, and even problems with concentration and common word recall. Some Canadian diplomats and their families have also been affected.

Some felt vibrations or heard loud sounds mysteriously audible in only parts of rooms, leading investigators to consider a potential "sonic attack." Others heard nothing but later developed symptoms.

Though investigators have explored the possibility of sonic waves or an electromagnetic weapon, no culprit or device has yet been identified, the Associated Press reports. The incidents began late last year and the most recent was reported in August.

Lawmakers in Washington have raised alarm over the incidents. On Friday, five Republican senators wrote Tillerson to call for both closing the Havana embassy and expelling all Cuban diplomats from the United States.

"Cuba's neglect of its duty to protect our diplomats and their families cannot go unchallenged,'' said the lawmakers, who included Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas, who led the effort, and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, a prominent Cuban-American and critic of the U.S. détente with Cuba.

Cuba has denied involvement and has said it is cooperating in the investigation into the attacks. The United States has not blamed Cuba directly for the attacks, but asked two Cuban diplomats to leave Washington earlier this year.

Former President Barack Obama re-established ties with the Caribbean island nation two years ago, a move that has been criticized and threatened by his successor Donald Trump.

圣路易斯抗议持续第三天 警察逮捕80多人

密苏里州圣路易斯警方表示，他们星期天逮捕了80多人，这些人砸碎商店的玻璃。在此之前，示威者举行和平集会，抗议一名开枪打死黑人的白人警察被判无罪。

圣路易斯警察局长星期一凌晨对记者表示，一些人袭击警察，向警察扔石头。

他说：“我们控制了局势，这是我们的城市，我们必须保护。”

圣路易斯市长克鲁森把和平集会抗议上周五前警察杰森·斯托克利被判无罪和夜间砸碎商店门窗玻璃的人作对比。

她说：“我们今天看到大多数示威者都是非暴力的，但连续第三天出现白天平和夜间破坏的局面。”

斯托克利被控在2011年11月的一次汽车追击中开枪打死了安东尼·拉玛尔·史密斯。检控官指称斯托克利事后把一支手枪放在史密斯的尸体上，斯托克利车上拍摄的视频可以听到斯托克利扬言要杀掉史密斯。

本案的法官表示，检方未能证明斯托克利开枪不属于正当防卫。

星期六晚也发生了暴力，一些示威者打碎窗户 玻璃，向警察投掷杂物。有九人被逮捕。

密苏里州州长格雷腾斯警告说，州政府将严惩制造暴力者。

格雷斯腾星期天说：“那些不是示威者，那些人是罪犯。”

星期六的示威有数百人参加，他们在圣路易斯郊区两个购物中心游行，喊着“黑人命也是命”和“争取自由是我们的义务”的口号。

抗议活动以和平方式开始，几百名示威者走上圣路易斯市的街头，举着“没有公正，没有和平”的标语。一些人走到警察局，要求警察辞职。

到了夜间，示威者打碎了一扇玻璃，在市长家的房子上喷洒油漆。穿着防暴服的警察把抗议者从市长家附近驱离。

圣路易斯的居民阿尔德曼·约翰·柯林斯-穆罕默德（John Collins-Muhammad）告诉圣路易斯邮报：“我们对无罪释放感到悲痛，我们很失望。 “在这个城市的黑人得到公正之前，在桌子旁有我们的一席之地以前，这个城市不会有和平。”

一名52岁的电工史密斯告诉圣路易斯邮报：“我认为这个判决是令人厌恶的。”

他说：“一次又一次，非裔美国人被警察杀死，没有人被追究责任。”

该地区的种族紧张局势并不新鲜。圣路易斯的一个郊区是密苏里州弗格森，2014年8月，那里爆发了两星期的抗议活动，起因是一名白人警察把18岁的黑人迈克尔·布朗（Michael Brown）枪杀。

后来，11月份，不起诉那名警察的决定引发了一周的抗议活动，2015年，在这个事件的周年纪念日，爆发了第三次示威。

布朗的父亲在星期五的裁决后告诉圣路易斯电视台：“你们都知道这是不对的，你们都继续对我们这样做，就好像我们什么都不是一样，就好像我们是街头的老鼠、垃圾、狗......我们都厌倦了。”

在密苏里州发生的事件之后，还有一些美国城市发生警察枪击和抗议活动，其中包括马里兰州巴尔的摩市、北卡罗来纳州夏洛特、明尼苏达州圣保罗和路易斯安那州巴吞鲁日。

St. Louis Police Arrest 80 After 3rd Night of Protests

Police in St. Louis, Missouri, said they made more than 80 arrests Sunday after some people smashed store windows following what had been a peaceful protest against the acquittal of a former officer in the shooting death of a black man.

Police Chief Larry O'Toole told reporters early Monday that some people assaulted officers and threw rocks at them.

"We're in control, this is our city, and we're going to protect it," O'Toole said.

Mayor Lyda Krewson spoke of the difference between those who caused damage at night and the daytime protesters who rallied again peacefully in response to Friday's verdict in the case of former officer Jason Stockley.

"Today we saw again that the vast majority of protesters are nonviolent, but for the third day in a row the days have been calm and the nights have been destructive," Krewson said. "After the demonstrations, organizers announced that the daytime protest was over, but a group of agitators stayed behind, apparently intent on breaking windows and destroying property."

Stockley had been charged with the killing of Anthony Lamar Smith after a car chase in 2011. Prosecutors alleged Stockley also planted a gun on Smith's body, and that video from his car captured the officer saying during the chase that he was going to kill Smith.

The judge in the case said the prosecution had failed to prove the shooting was not a justified use of force in self-defense.

There was some violence late Saturday with protestors breaking windows and throwing objects at police. Nine people were arrested then.

Missouri Governor Eric Greitens warned that his administration will deal harshly with those responsible for the violence.

"These aren't protestors, these are criminals," Greitens said Sunday. "Criminals, listen up: you break a window, you're going to be behind bars. It's that simple."

Saturday's protests included several hundred people walking through two malls in suburban St. Louis shouting "black lives matter" and "it is our duty to fight for our freedom" as they marched.

Protests started peacefully on Friday, with hundreds gathering in the streets of St. Louis holding signs and chanting "No justice, no peace." Some made their way to police headquarters, calling for police resignations.

By the end of the night, demonstrators had broken a window and splashed paint on the mayor's home, prompting police in riot gear to move the protesters away from the residence.

"We are saddened [about the acquittal], we are frustrated," St. Louis Alderman John Collins-Muhammad told the St. Louis Post Dispatch. "Until black people in this city get justice, until we get a seat at the table, there will be no peace in this city."

Damone Smith, a 52-year-old electrician, told the newspaper, "I think the verdict is disgusting."

"Time and time again, African-American men are killed by police and nobody is held accountable," he said.

Racial tension in the area is not new. One of the suburbs of St. Louis is Ferguson, Missouri, where two weeks of protests began in August 2014 with the shooting death of Michael Brown, an 18-year-old black man, by a white police officer.

That November, the decision not to indict the police officer sparked another week of protests, and the anniversary of the shooting in 2015 was the occasion of a third protest.

Brown's father told a St. Louis television station after Friday's verdict, "You all know this ain't right and you all continue to do this to us. Like we don't mean nothing, like we're rats, trash, dogs in the streets ... my people are tired of this."

The incidents in Missouri were followed by police shootings and protests in a number of American cities, among them Baltimore, Maryland; Charlotte, North Carolina; St. Paul, Minnesota; and Baton Rouge, Louisiana.