联邦调查局局长要求司法部对奥巴马窃听川普之说提出异议

美国联邦调查局局长科米要求司法部对川普总统的指控提出异议，川普称前总统奥巴马去年下令对纽约的川普大厦的电话进行窃听。

与美联社、华盛顿邮报和纽约时报交谈过的美国官员们说，科米是在川普总统星期六在推特上做出指控后提出这一要求的。川普没有提供支持他这一说法的证据。

不清楚的是，为什么科米自己没有对川普的声明提出异议。他是奥巴马在任时的联邦调查局局长，他的部门一直是调查俄罗斯对去年美国大选影响的主导机构。

根据美国法律，总统不能下令窃听某人的电话。这种做法需要联邦法官的批准，并要基于合理的怀疑，为什么要监听该公民的电话交谈。

奥巴马时期的国家情报局局长詹姆斯·克拉珀称川普的指控纯属捏造。克拉珀在NBC的节目上说，“没有对当时的当选总统，或他作为候选人时，或针对他的竞选活动，进行过这样的窃听”。

国会众议院情报委员会主席努涅斯在一份声明中说，该委员会“将调查政府是否对任何政党的竞选官员或其助理进行监视活动”。该委员会最资深的民主党人亚当·希夫说，川普的指控是“基于阴谋论的新闻”。

白宫新闻秘书斯派塞周日发表声明说，川普总统要求委员会“确定行政部门是否在2016年滥用其调查权力”。他补充说，在调查得出结论之前，川普总统和白宫都不会做出进一步的评论。

FBI Chief Asks Justice Dept to Dispute Trump's Accusations of Obama-Era Wiretap

U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey has asked the Justice Department to dispute President Donald Trump's allegation that former President Barack Obama ordered a wiretap on telephones at Trump Tower in New York last year.

U.S. officials who spoke to the Associated Press, Washington Post and New York Times said Comey's request followed Trump's accusation on Twitter Saturday. Trump has offered no evidence to support his claim.

What is not clear is why Comey has not disputed the statement himself. He was FBI director under Obama, and his department has been a lead in the ongoing investigation of Russian influence on last year's election.

Under U.S. law, a president cannot order someone's phone to be wiretapped. Such a move would require approval by a federal judge and be based on reasonable grounds to suspect why a citizen's telephone calls should be monitored.

Obama's Director of National Intelligence James Clapper called Trump's charge simply false. "There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president-elect at the time, or as a candidate or against his campaign," Clapper told NBC.

House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said in a statement Sunday his committee "will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party's campaign officials or surrogates."The top Democrat on the committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, said Trump's accusation was based on "conspiracy-based news."

White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued a statement Sunday saying the president is requesting the committees to "determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016." He added that neither Trump nor the White House would offer further comment "until such oversight is conducted."

朝鲜导弹落在日本水域

日本首相安倍晋三说，朝鲜发射了四枚弹道导弹，其中三枚落在日本水域。

安倍对日本议会说，“朝鲜今天几乎同时发射了四枚弹道导弹，飞行了大约一千公里。”他说，“其中三枚落在我国的专属经济区。”

日本官员称朝鲜的导弹发射为严重威胁，并表示他们对拥有核武器的朝鲜提出“强烈抗议”。

安倍在议员们提问时说，“这些发射行动显然违反了联合国安理会的决议，这是一个极其危险的举动。”

韩国军方官员说，“多枚弹道导弹”是从朝鲜与中国接壤的通昌里地区发射的。他们没有具体说明导弹的数量。

朝鲜此举时值韩国和美国举行联合军事演习，平壤认为这是为入侵朝鲜做准备。美韩军演通常都会引起平壤的谴责和报复行动。

去年美韩演习期间，朝鲜发射了多枚中短程导弹，并称其导弹上可以装载核弹头。

North Korean Missiles Land in Japanese Waters

North Korea fired four ballistic missiles Monday, three of which landed in Japanese waters, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said.

"North Korea today fired four ballistic missiles almost simultaneously and they flew some 1,000 kilometers," Abe said in parliament. "Three of them landed in our country's Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ)."

Japanese officials described the launches as a grave threat and said they lodged "strong protests" with nuclear-armed North Korea.

"The launches are clearly in violation of Security Council resolutions. It is an extremely dangerous action," Abe said during lawmaker questions in parliament.

The South Korean military officials said "multiple ballistic missiles" were launched from the Tongchang-ri region near the North's border with China. They did not specify the number of missiles.

The move comes as South Korea and the United States are holding their joint military exercises, which Pyongyang sees as preparations for an invasion. The exercises usually draw condemnation and retribution from Pyongyang.

During last year's drills, North Korea fired multiple short to medium range missiles and announced it could place nuclear warheads on its weapons.