缅甸坠毁军机一些残骸及遗体被找到

缅甸军方星期四表示，搜救人员发现了据信是星期三失踪的一架军机上遇难乘客的10具遗体和一些飞机残骸。这架军机上当时载有122人。

声明说，这些遗体包括6名成人和4名儿童。在距离缅甸南部城市浪弄大约35公里的水域，还发现了行李、救生衣的碎片以及一只飞机轮胎。

星期四，9艘海军船只和一些飞机及直升机被派遣搜索这架中国制造的运-8-200F飞机。这架飞机是去年3月购买的，缅甸军方表示，飞机飞行时间总计809小时。

失事飞机当时运载的大都是军人家属。飞机从缅甸东南部的丹老市起飞，途径安达曼海飞往缅甸最大城市仰光。

Debris, Bodies Found in Search for Myanmar Military Plane

Myanmar's military said Thursday searchers have found 10 bodies and pieces of plane debris believed to be from a military aircraft that went missing Wednesday with 122 people on board.

A statement said the bodies included six adults and four children. There were also pieces of luggage, life jackets and a plane wheel found in the waters about 35 kilometers from the southern city of Launglon.

Nine naval ships and a group of airplanes and helicopters were sent out Thursday to search for the Chinese-made Y-8-200F plane, which Myanmar bought in March of last year and which the military said had 809 flying hours.

The plane, carrying mostly family members of military personnel, was traveling from the city of Myeik, also known as Mergui, in southeastern Myanmar on the Andaman coast. Most of the journey to Yangon, Myanmar's largest city, would have been over the Andaman Sea.

科米将指称川普试图影响FBI调查工作

美国前联邦调查局长科米星期四将告诉美国参议院情报委员会，川普总统在白宫与他就涉及FBI调查现任和前政府官员事宜的交谈中，要求他保持忠诚。

科米预定在参议院情报委员会作证的一天前，该委员会公布了科米预先准备好的7页长的开场陈述 。在此之前，美国国家情报总监和其他高级情报官员拒绝回答该委员会有关科米和通俄调查的问题。

科米在他的陈述中，提供了他与川普5次交谈的爆炸性细节和解释说明，其中包括暗示川普总统曾要求他改变联调局调查工作的方向。

科米详细描述其中一次白宫会晤时说：“总统说：‘我需要忠诚，我期待忠诚。” 在随后“令人难堪的寂静中”，我“没有动弹、讲话或者改变我的面部表情”。我们只是在沉默中对视。”

科米在准备好的讲话稿中说，他三次告诉川普，他不是联调局有关他的助手是否和俄罗斯政府官员有不当接触的调查对象。

在另外一段证词中，科米将指出，川普总统今年2月14日要求他放弃对前一天刚刚被解职的国家安全顾问迈克尔·弗林的调查。科米引述川普总统的话说，“我希望你能让这个调查过去，放弗林一马。他是一个好人，我希望你能让这件事过去。”

川普总统上个月否认曾向科米施压，要求他停止或放弃对弗林的调查。川普还否认有关他的助手和俄罗斯勾结，试图影响去年11月总统选举的指称，称其是栽赃陷害的“政治迫害”。

Comey to Testify Trump Tried to Influence FBI Probe

Fired FBI Director Jim Comey will tell the Senate Intelligence Committee Thursday that President Donald Trump asked him for loyalty during White House conversations concerning the agency's handling of investigations into current and former administration officials.

The committee released an advance copy of Comey's seven-page opening statement a day before his scheduled appearance. This came shortly after the Director of National Intelligence and other top intelligence officials refused to answer the committee's questions about Comey and the Russia investigation.

In his statement, Comey offers explosive details and accounts of five separate conversations he had with Trump, including suggestions that the president asked him to alter the course of FBI investigations.

"The president said, 'I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,'" Comey recounted about one White House meeting. "I didn't move, speak or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed. We simply looked at each other in silence."

In his prepared remarks, Comey says he told Trump three times that he was not a subject of the FBI investigation into whether his associates had improper contacts with Russian government officials.

In another passage, Comey will testify that Trump asked him on February 14 to "let go" of the investigation into Michael Flynn, who had been fired as national security adviser the previous day. "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go." Comey quotes Trump as saying. "He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go."

Trump last month flatly denied pressuring Comey to close or back down from the Flynn investigation. The president also rejected allegations that his associates colluded with Russia to influence last November's presidential election, calling it a "witch hunt."