美国支持的伊拉克部队控制摩苏尔机场

伊拉克星期四说，美国支持的伊拉克部队收复了2014年以来一直被“伊斯兰国”极端分子控制的摩苏尔机场。

在国家电视台屏幕上出现的快讯宣布，“快速反应部队和联邦警察完全控制了摩苏尔机场。”

伊拉克部队星期日发起了新的攻势，试图收复伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔西部。伊拉克政府在1月底说，他们已经解放了摩苏尔东部。

伊拉克中将拉伊德·沙克尔·贾奥达德说，巴格达方面的部队在无人机和重型火炮的支援下，从几处阵地向机场推进。有关攻占机场的最初报道说，“伊斯兰国”几乎没有抵抗，但后来有报道说，政府军与机场建筑内的激进分子交火。

伊拉克特种部队一位军官说，“伊斯兰国”武装分子用一枚自杀式汽车炸弹和从无人机落下的几十枚炸弹袭击政府军。这名军官说，至少有十几人伤亡，不过很多是轻伤。

伊拉克政府军攻占机场将使伊军可以从西南方向入城，并第一次控制底格里斯河西岸地带。

US-backed Iraqi Forces Take Control of Mosul Airport

Iraq said Thursday that its U.S.-backed forces have retaken the airport in Mosul that had been controlled by the extremist Islamic State group since 2014.

In a flash on its screen, state television declared, "The Rapid Response Forces and federal police are fully in control of the airport of Mosul."

Iraqi forces launched a new bid to retake the western areas of Iraq's second-largest city on Sunday after saying in late January they had liberated eastern parts of the city.

Iraqi Lieutenant General Raid Shakir Jaudat said Baghdad's forces, backed by drones and heavy artillery, advanced on the airport from several positions. At first, accounts of the airport takeover said there was little Islamic State resistance, but later there were reports of Iraqi firefights with militants encamped in airport buildings.

One Iraqi special forces officer reported Islamic State fighters targeted Baghdad's fighters with a suicide car bomb and dozens of bombs dropped from drones. The officer said there were at least a dozen casualties, although many were light injuries.

Iraqi takeover of the airport would give its troops access to the city from the southwest and for the first time control of an area along the west bank of the Tigris River.

墨西哥领导人对美官员表示“担忧和不满**

墨西哥官员周四对两位到访的美国部长表达了他们对美墨边界墙和川普政府驱逐非法移民的政策的关注。

墨西哥内政部长奥索里奥说，“我们不同意美国政府最近提出的有关墨西哥的不同措施。”

外交部长卡索则说：“墨西哥人对被视为可能对国家利益和国内外墨西哥人有害的政策感到担心和不满。”

这些意见是他们在与美国国务卿蒂勒森和国土安全部长凯利会晤时提出的。

美墨两国部长一同出现在墨西哥外交部的记者会上，但美国官员没有接受记者提问。

蒂勒森在发言中说，美国和墨西哥是“两个强大的异国，有时也会有分歧”。他表示会谈是 “富有建设性和前瞻性的。”

凯利强调，川普总统加强对美国非法移民的打击，但不会出现“大规模驱逐出境”，也不会“动用武力”来对付非法移民。

蒂勒森和凯利抵达墨西哥首都后，川普预言这对两人将是一个“艰难的行程”，并补充说，“我们将与墨西哥保持良好关系，如果不行，也没办法。”

两位美国部长还在返美前与墨西哥总统涅托会面。

Mexican Leaders Tell US Cabinet Members About 'Worry and Irritation'

Amid worries about a wall and deportations, Mexican officials expressed their concerns to two visiting U.S. Cabinet secretaries on Thursday.

"We do not agree on the different measures that recently were stated by the government of the United States that affect Mexico,” Interior Secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong said.

"There exists among Mexicans worry and irritation about what are perceived to be policies that could be harmful for the national interest and for Mexicans here and abroad," Luis Videgaray Caso, the secretary of foreign affairs, said.

The comments were made amid their meetings with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.

Tillerson and Kelly appeared with their two Mexican counterparts before the media at the Secretariat of Foreign Affairs, but took no questions from reporters.

Tillerson, in his statement, said the U.S. and Mexico are "two strong foreign countries that, from time to time, will have differences," but that his talks were "productive and forward-looking."

Kelly emphasized there will be “no mass deportations” and "no use of military force" to round up undocumented migrants under President Donald Trump’s enhanced crackdown on those illegally in the United States.

After Tillerson and Kelly arrived in the Mexican capital, Trump predicted it would be “a tough trip” for his two Cabinet members and added, “we are going to have a good relationship with Mexico and if we don't, we don't."

The two American emissaries also met with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto before heading back home.