川普出访法国 叙利亚和反恐议题优先

美国总统川普星期三启程前往法国访问。川普此行重点是与法国总统马卡龙讨论反恐议题，并纪念美国部队加入第一次世界大战作战100周年。

川普和马卡龙计划星期四在巴黎会谈，然后向记者发表讲话。

马卡龙说：“我们将讨论双方关心的所有议题，包括那些存在意见分歧的议题，但是也包括双方合作的议题，比如恐怖主义威胁，叙利亚和利比亚危机，以及双方共同关心的很多问题。”

美国一位高级官员告诉记者说，预计叙利亚局势，以及美法在叙利亚和其它反抗方面的合作将是讨论核心，会谈也可能涉及上周在德国举行的20国峰会的一些后续讨论。

法国参加了以美国为首从2014年底开始在叙利亚和伊拉克空袭伊斯兰国武装的行动。今年大部分空袭行动都发生在叙利亚，激进分子将叙利亚的拉卡定为首都。

川普和马卡龙都是任期第一年，二人在应对气候变化的政策上存在分歧。但是他们二人也有着共同的目标，比如减少政府雇员人数。

美国政府高级官员说，川普和马卡龙之间的关系“非常积极”。

川普星期五将携夫人参加法国国庆日游行，法国和美国的军队都会参加。

美国政府高层官员说：“我们在一战中的积极参与，跟法国人肩并肩作战，正是今天的写照。我们依然生活在一个危险的世界里，依然面临众多的威胁。”

Syria, Counterterrorism Lead Agenda for Trump Trip to France

U.S. President Donald Trump departs Wednesday on a trip to France focused on counterterrorism talks with French President Emmanuel Macron and marking the 100th anniversary of U.S. troops entering World War I.

The two leaders are set to hold their meeting Thursday in Paris before speaking to reporters.

"We will talk about all the issues which are of interest to us both, including those about which we have disagreements when we have them, but also a lot of the issues on which we are working together -- the terrorism threat, the crises in Syria and Libya, and a lot of issues which are of interest to us both," Macron said.

A senior U.S. official told reporters the White House expects the situation in Syria and U.S.-French cooperation both there and on other counterterror issues to take up most of the discussion, while there could also be some follow-up to last week's G-20 summit in Germany.

France is part of the U.S.-led coalition that has been carrying out airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq since late 2014. A large majority of those strikes this year have taken place in Syria, where the militants have their de facto capital in the city of Raqqa.

Trump and Macron are both in their first year in office and have shown policy differences when it comes to international efforts to combat climate change. But they also share certain goals, such as reducing the number of employees in their respective governments.

The senior administration official described the relationship between the presidents as "very positive."

On Friday, Trump and his wife, Melania, will attend the annual Bastille Day parade, which will include both French and U.S. military members.

"The fact that we participated in such a major way in World War I, side by side with the French, is a clear parallel to what we're doing today," the senior administration official said. "We still live in a dangerous world. We still live in a world that has many, many threats."

国际奥委会将同时宣布2024和2028年的奥运主办城市

国际奥委会星期二宣布，将同时宣布2024年和2028年夏季奥运会的主办城市，这就意味着法国巴黎和美国洛杉矶都会中标。

这两个城市为争办奥运大力游说。

巴黎最后一次主办奥运是1924年，洛杉矶1984年是奥运会的主办城市。

美国总统川普星期二在推特上说：“努力让美国（洛杉矶）主办奥运。静候消息。”

国际奥委会定于9月13日在秘鲁利马宣布主办城市。

由于主办奥运需要大量资金投入，近年参加投标的城市并不多。

IOC to Choose Los Angeles & Paris for Either 2024 or 2028 Summer Olympic Games

The International Olympic Committee Tuesday has decided to award the 2024 and 2028 Summer Olympic Games in the same session, in a move that would effectively guarantee that Paris and Los Angeles will be the winners.

The two cities have been lobbying heavily to host the international sporting event.

The French capital last hosted the games in 1924. Los Angeles did so back in 1984.

In a tweet Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump said, "Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!"

The winning bids will be announced on September 13 in Lima, Peru.

The Olympic movement has had trouble attracting prospective hosts because of the amount of money involved.