民主党人琼斯在阿拉巴马州参议员选举中获胜

民主党人琼斯赢得了阿拉巴马州的特别选举，将代表阿拉巴马州进入联邦参议院。

激烈竞选之后，大多选民把票投给琼斯，而不是共和党候选人莫尔。

这个选举结果意味着，明年1月琼斯宣誓就职后，共和党在参议院的多数将缩小到51对49。川普总统推动他的政治日程将更为艰难。

参议员任期6年，但是琼斯接替的参议员位置是塞申斯为在川普的内阁中担任司法部长而辞职后留下的空缺，还剩下3年。

琼斯是1992年以来民主党第一次在阿拉巴马州赢得参议员选举。

共和党候选人莫尔得到了川普总统的支持，但是受到其他共和党领导人的反对。他被指称20世纪70年代有不当性行为。他当时30几岁，指称他的女性当时十几岁。

莫尔始终否认这些指称，说这些指称令人厌恶。但是他起先承认担任州司法部长的时候曾和非常年轻的女子约会，后来否认他认识任何发出指称的女子。至少一名女性称莫尔是个骗子。

Democrat Jones Wins Alabama Senate Election

Democrat Doug Jones has won the special election to fill a vacant U.S. Senate seat representing the southern state of Alabama.

After a contentious campaign, voters backed Jones over Republican Roy Moore.

The result means that in January when Jones is sworn in, the Republican majority in the Senate will shrink to 51-49 and make it tougher for President Donald Trump to enact his agenda.

Senate terms last six years, but Jones will be filling out the final three years of a term begun by Jeff Sessions before he resigned in order to become attorney general under Trump.

Jones is the first Democrat from Alabama to win a Senate seat since 1992.

Moore had the backing of Trump, but faced opposition from other Republican leaders. He has been accused of sexual misconduct in the 1970s when his female accusers were teenagers and he was in his 30s.

Moore has consistently denied the allegations calling them "disgusting." But he initially admitted dating young women, when he was an attorney general, before denying ever knowing any of his accusers. At least one of the women outright called Moore a liar.

纽约炸弹攻击嫌疑人被控从事恐怖主义行为

孟加拉国一位高级反恐官员星期三说，被指控在纽约地铁隧道引爆一枚管状炸弹的男子看来没有与激进组织有任何关联的前科。

孟加拉国官员伊斯拉姆说，调查人员在调查过程中与阿卡耶德·乌拉(Akayed Ullah)的妻子以及他妻子的父母做了谈话。

27岁的乌拉星期三将第一次在法庭出庭。美国联邦检察官星期二宣布对乌拉提出涉嫌恐怖犯罪的指控，罪名包括对公共场所进行炸弹攻击以及使用大规模杀伤性武器。每项犯罪都可判终身监禁。

星期二的刑事起诉书还指控乌拉对伊斯兰国组织提供实质支持、用炸弹毁坏财产、以及使用破坏性装置扩大暴力。每项犯罪可判30年徒刑。

纽约南区代理联邦检察官金俊贤(Joon Kim)在纽约的一次新闻发布会上宣布了这些指控。

乌拉的炸弹攻击发生在港务局巴士总站和时报广场两个地铁站之间的隧道。监控录像显示攻击者交通高峰期间走在人群中，炸弹爆炸后出现烟雾，人们逃离现场，攻击者躺在地上。

New York Bombing Suspect Charged With Terrorism

A top counterterrorism official in Bangladesh said Wednesday the man accused of detonating a pipe bomb in a New York City subway tunnel does not appear to have any known links to militant groups.

Monirul Islam said investigators have interviewed the Akayed Ullah's wife and her parents as part of their probe.

The 27-year-old Ullah is due to make his first court appearance Wednesday, a day after U.S. federal prosecutors announced terrorism charges against him. The charges against him include bombing a public place and using a weapon of mass destruction, each of which carries a maximum sentence of life in prison.

Ullah was also accused of providing material support to Islamic State, destruction of property by means of an explosive and using a destructive device in furtherance of a crime of violence, according to a criminal complaint disclosed on Tuesday. These charges carry sentences of five to 30 years each.

Joon Kim, acting U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced the charges at a press conference in New York.

The attack took place in a tunnel that connects the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the Times Square subway stations. Surveillance footage shows the attacker walking among the rush-hour crowd, and then smoke filling the area as the device goes off. The man is then seen laying on the ground as people rush away from the scene.