联合国强烈谴责两名维和部队成员在中非被杀

联合国安理会对于星期二两位摩洛哥籍联合国维和部队人员在中非共和国被打死表达“最强烈的”谴责。

当时，联合国维和人员在护送运输燃料车队的途中遭到袭击，不明身份的袭击者后来逃入灌木丛。

联合国安理会星期三发表声明说：“针对维和部队人员的袭击有可能构成战争罪”，并且强调“袭击者最终会被绳之以法”。

中非共和国自2013年就陷入混乱，穆斯林反政府力量推翻了博齐泽总统，控制了这个基督教徒占人口多数的国家。

联合国2013年12月派遣约1万3千维和部队前往中非，主要任务是保护当地民众。

U.N. Strongly Condemns Killing of Two Peacekeepers in Central African Republic

The United Nations Security Council has condemned "in the strongest terms" Tuesday's killing of two Moroccan U.N. peacekeepers in the Central African Republic.

The peacekeepers were killed as they accompanied fuel when they were attacked by unknown assailants who fled into the bush.

In a statement released Wednesday, the council said "attacks targeting peacekeepers may constitute a war crime" and "stressed that those responsible for the attack shall be held accountable."

The Central African Republic has been mired in chaos since 2013 when Muslim rebels took control of the majority Christian nation and ousted then-President Francois Bozize.

In December of that year, the U.N. dispatched about 13,000 peacekeepers to the country with the primary responsibility of protecting the population.

四名关塔那摩囚犯将被送往沙特阿拉伯

奥巴马政府将把坐落于古巴的关塔那摩湾美军监狱的四名囚犯移送到沙特阿拉伯。 目前还不清楚这四名囚犯的名字和国籍。

奥巴马政府正设法在1月20号川普政府上任之前把至少19名囚犯转移到四个国家－意大利、阿曼、沙特阿拉伯和阿拉伯联合酋长国。

五角大楼说，即使川普反对，转移囚犯的工作仍将继续。

美国当选总统川普星期二表示，他认为所有的囚犯都应该继续关押在关塔那摩监狱，尽管跨机构审议结果认为，他们当中很多人符合离开的条件。

川普发推文说：“不应该从关塔那摩释放更多的人。这些人都非常危险，不应该让他们重新投入战场。”

这次囚犯转移计划如果能够成功实施，关塔那摩将剩下40名囚犯，这也标志着奥巴马总统最初当选时做出的关闭关塔那摩拘留中心的承诺没有兑现。

川普表示，要维持关塔那摩军事监狱，并且“把坏蛋们都关到哪里。”

4 Guantanamo Prisoners to be Sent to Saudi Arabia

The Obama administration will transfer four detainees to Saudi Arabia from the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The names and nationalities of the four prisoners were not immediately known.

His administration is making a final push to transfer at least 19 prisoners to four countries - Italy, Oman, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates - before Donald Trump is sworn in as president on January 20.

The Pentagon says the prisoner transfers will continue despite the objections of Trump.

The president-elect on Tuesday signaled his view that all of those held at Guantanamo should remain, despite inter-agency reviews that have deemed many of them eligible to leave.

"There should be no further releases from Gitmo," he tweeted. "These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield."

If the planned transfers are successful, it will leave 40 detainees at Guantanamo, marking a failure for President Barack Obama who had promised to shut the facility when first elected to office.

Trump has vowed to keep the Guantanamo military prison open and "load it up with some bad dudes."