美国人迎来阵亡将士纪念日

美国人星期一迎来了阵亡将士纪念日。

非正式地说，对于很多美国人，这一天标志着夏季的开始。

阵亡将士纪念日正式被确定在5月最后一个星期一，是为了纪念美国历史上所有在从军期间丧生的将士。美国国会1971年宣布阵亡将士纪念日为联邦假日。

全国各地以及首都华盛顿的纪念活动已经就绪。

在华盛顿，川普总统将在阿灵顿国家公墓无名战士墓参加敬献花圈仪式。

“滚雷”摩托车队将在二战纪念碑和越战纪念碑举行献花圈活动。“滚雷”车队的参与者骑着摩托车，吸引人们对战俘和战争中失踪军人等遗留问题的关注。

“老兵为和平”组织将在华盛顿举行数场活动，反对该组织所说的“川普总统骇人听闻的预算计划，其中包括为五角大楼增加540亿美元军费”。

阵亡将士纪念日始于美国内战结束后的1865年。当时一些前奴隶为美国的战争阵亡者举行了被视为首次的阵亡将士纪念活动。

US Observes Memorial Day

The U.S. celebrates Memorial Day Monday.

Unofficially, the day has come to mark the beginning of summer for many Americans.

Officially, Memorial Day, observed on the last Monday in May, has been set aside to honor all who died during military service throughout U.S. history. Congress declared Memorial Day a national federal holiday in 1971.

Observances around the country and Washington are planned for the day.

In Washington, President Donald Trump will participate in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery.

Rolling Thunder holds wreath-laying events at the World War Two Memorial and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. Rolling Thunder participants ride on motorcycles to bring attention to the lingering situation of prisoners of war and military service people who are missing in action.

The Veterans for Peace organization is holding several events in Washington to oppose what it says is "President Trump's outrageous budget proposal, including a $54 billion increase for the Pentagon."

Memorial Day began in 1865, just after the end of the Civil War, when a group of former slaves held what is seen as the first commemoration of the nation's war dead.

青年党在索马里石刑处死一名男子

有报道说，一名44岁男子在索马里南部拜州的拉马阿代镇被青年党激进组织石刑处死。

青年党在官方网站上说，这名男子被控在拜多阿以西60公里处的乌弗洛镇犯了通奸罪。青年党表示，是涉事女性的亲属5月20日报的案。

星期天网站上公布的一段音频中，一名青年党法官表示，这名被确定为达尤·穆哈迈德·哈桑，拥有两个妻子的男子承认犯下通奸罪。该激进组织的法官谴责这名男子在婚外造成一名女子怀孕。这名法官宣布，鉴于男子认罪，因此判处石刑处死。没有独立消息证实该男子认罪的事实，青年党也没有公布任何证据。

青年党法庭并不公开，很难确认认罪和其它针对被告的指称。这也不是该组织首次实施这种刑罚。

Al-Shabab Stones Man to Death in Somalia

A 44 year-old man has been stoned to death by the al-Shabab militant group in Rama Addey town in southern Somalia's Bay region, reports say.

The Al-Shabab militant group on its official website said the man was convicted for adultery in Ufurow town, 60 kilometers west of Baidoa. Al-Shabab said the relatives of the woman involved reported the case on May 20.

In an audio posted on the website Sunday, an al-Shabab judge says the man identified as Dhayow Mohamed Hassan confessed to adultery while being married to two women. The militant judge accused the man of impregnating a woman outside of marriage. The judge proclaimed his sentence was stoning to death upon confession. There is no independent confirmation of the confession and al-Shabab has not published any evidence.

Al-Shabab courts are not public and it’s hard to verify confessions and other allegations against the defendants. It's not the first time the group has carried out this kind of punishment.