川普总统预计宣布美国对伊朗的新策略

美国总统川普预计星期五将宣布，不再支持伊核协议，但是不会彻底废除协议。川普总统将宣布美国对伊朗的新策略。

川普总统很可能宣布，美国以及其他五大国与伊朗2015年签署的协议不符合美国的国家利益。这项宣布将启动一个为期60天的程序。国会必须在60天内决定是否恢复部分或全部对伊朗的制裁。美国当初是根据伊核协议取消对伊朗制裁的。

很多共和党议员和民主党议员反对恢复对伊朗制裁。恢复制裁将等于废除伊核协议。媒体报道，川普总统可能暂时不会要求国会这样做。

川普总统称伊核协议是美国达成的“最愚蠢”的协议，并一再暗示要废除这个协议。他说，伊朗没有履行协议的精神。

依照美国法律，总统必须每隔90天向国会认定伊朗是否履行了协议，以及遵守这项协议符合美国的国家利益。川普总统已经两次向国会认定，但是媒体报道，他并不情愿这样做。

总统向国会报告的下一个期限是10月15号。川普行政当局继续指称伊朗支持恐怖主义，在中东威胁美国盟友，并测试弹道导弹。川普对伊核协议不包括这些内容公开表示不满。

伊朗官员强调说，协议没有重新谈判的余地。伊朗总统鲁哈尼威胁说，如果美国实施新的制裁，伊朗几小时后就会退出协议。

Trump Expected to Lay Out New Iran Strategy

U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw his support for the Iran nuclear agreement Friday, but stop short of completely scrapping the deal. The U.S. leader is due to lay out a new strategy.

Trump will likely declare it is not in U.S. national security interests to certify the 2015 deal that Washington reached with Iran and five other countries.

The move would kick off a 60-day period during which Congress must decide whether to reimpose some or all of the economic sanctions that had been lifted as part of the agreement.

Many Republicans and Democrats are opposed to reinstating sanctions, which would effectively kill the agreement, and media reports suggest Trump may hold off on urging Congress to do so.

Trump has called the pact "one of the dumbest deals ever" and repeatedly suggested that he may do away with it. The president has said Iran has "not lived up to the spirit" of the agreement.

Under U.S. law, the president must certify to Congress every 90 days that Iran is in compliance with the nuclear deal and that it is in U.S. interests to stay in the agreement. Trump has twice certified the deal, but done so unhappily, reports suggest.

The next certification deadline is October 15. The Trump administration has continued to accuse Iran of sponsoring terrorism, threatening U.S. allies in the Middle East and testing ballistic missiles. Trump has publicly lamented that the agreement does not cover these issues.

Iranian officials have stressed that the deal is not up for renegotiation. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has threatened to leave the deal "within hours" if the U.S. imposes new sanctions.

足球明星和副总统在利比里亚总统选举中领先

足球巨星维阿和副总统博阿凯在利比里亚总统选举初步选票统计中暂时领先。不过，选举官员说，到投票后第三天的星期四为止，只清点了三分之一的选票。

利比里亚选民星期二投票。这次选举是这个西非国家70多年来第一次从一个民选总统向下一个民选总统的平稳权力交接。

利比里亚自由党要求选举当局停止清点选票，声称选举中有舞弊和欺诈。

利比里亚选民要挑选接替非洲第一位民选女性国家元首瑟利夫的人。瑟利夫担任了两任总统，一次任期6年。依照利比里亚宪法，她不能第三次连任。

总共有20名候选人角逐总统的职位。分析人士认为，不可能有任何人赢得50%以上的选票，因此必须在11月举行决选。

这次参选的只有一名女性候选人。另一名女性泰勒担任球星维阿的竞选搭档。泰勒是前总统和军阀查尔斯·泰勒的前妻。查尔斯·泰勒被判20年前参与邻国塞拉利昂的冲突，犯有战争罪，正在狱中服50年的徒刑。

利比里亚14年的内战2003年结束后，瑟利夫在和平时期担任总统。但是利比里亚仍然存在严重的腐败问题，并正努力从2014年和2015年造成5000人丧生的埃博拉危机中复苏。

Football Star and VP are Early Frontrunners in Liberia's Election

Football icon George Weah and Vice President Joseph Bokai are the early front runners in Liberia's presidential election results, but election officials said only a third of the ballots had been counted on Thursday, three days after the vote.

Voters cast their ballots on Tuesday, marking the West African nation's first smooth transition of power from one democratically elected leadership to another in more than 70 years.

The Liberty Party, however, wants election authorities to stop counting the votes, citing voting irregularities and fraud.

Liberians went to polls to choose the successor to Nobel Peace laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Africa's first female elected head of state, who is stepping down after serving two six-year terms, as mandated by Liberia's constitution.

With 20 people running for the West African nation's highest office, analysts do not believe anyone will win over 50 percent of the vote, forcing a runoff in November.

Only one woman is vying for the presidency, while another woman, Jewel Howard Taylor, is the running mate of George Weah. Taylor is the ex-wife of former president and warlord Charles Taylor, who is serving a 50-year prison sentence for war crimes in connection with the conflict in neighboring Sierra Leone two decades ago.

Sirleaf has led Liberia through a period of peace in the aftermath of a 14-year civil war that ended in 2003. But the country remains plagued by corruption, and is still trying to recover from the Ebola crisis that killed 5,000 people in 2014 and 2015.