柬埔寨一名主要反对党议员出逃海外

柬埔寨一名主要反对党的议员在被警告说她可能被以涉及推翻政府阴谋的罪名逮捕之后逃离了柬埔寨。

柬埔寨救国党副主席莫淑华星期二离开了金边。一天前，柬埔寨总理洪森誓言要对所有可能卷入这个阴谋的人采取行动。

柬埔寨救国党主席根索卡9月3号被从家中带走，受到叛国罪的指控。政府说，这项指控基于根索卡在2013年的一段视频中的讲话。根索卡在视频中说，他得到美国的帮助，要在柬埔寨发展民主运动。

柬埔寨救国党的一位高级官员星期二晚上在推特上说，莫淑华在得到一位高级政府官员的警告后逃到境外。自从根索卡被逮捕以来，将近一半的救国党议员已经逃离了柬埔寨。

Cambodian Opposition Lawmaker Flees into Exile After Arrest Warning

A leading Cambodian opposition lawmaker has fled the country after being warned that she faces arrest in connection with an alleged plot to overthrow the government.

Mu Sochua, the deputy president of the Cambodia National Rescue Party, left Phnom Penh on Tuesday, one day after Prime Minister Hun Sen vowed to take action against others who may have taken part in the alleged plot.

CNRP leader Kem Sokha was taken from his home on September 3 and charged with treason. The government said the charges were based on comments Kem Sokha made on a video dating back to 2013, in which he claims to have received help from the United States to build a pro-democracy movement in Cambodia.

Kem Monovithya, a high-ranking CNRP official, said on Twitter late Tuesday that Mu Sochua fled after receiving a warning from a senior government official. Nearly half of CNRP's lawmakers have fled Cambodia since Kem Sokha's arrest.

枪击屠杀案调查获进展但仍未确定动机

美国总统川普星期三将前往拉斯维加斯。与此同时，调查人员继续在那里努力查找为什么一名枪手从一家酒店的高层房间向一个音乐活动扫射的原因。枪手打死至少58人，然后开枪自杀。

川普总统说：“我们将到那里看望一些正在恢复的人，一些幸存者。我们还将和警方以及治安官开会。我们会在拉斯维加斯带相当长的时间。”

川普称枪击者是“病态，精神错乱”。他还说，任何有关对枪支新加管控的讨论要到以后再说。

当局已查明，从曼德勒海湾酒店32层的房间向下扫射了9到11分钟的枪手是64岁的帕多克。枪击中除了58人丧生之外，还有500多人受伤。

克拉克郡治安长官隆巴多说，他“绝对相信”警察将找到枪手的作案动机，并期待今后几天内发现大量信息。

他说，正在取得进展，但是还没有找到所有答案。

调查中的一个关键人物是帕多克的女友。枪击事件发生时她在菲律宾，但是已于星期二晚上返回美国。她抵达洛杉矶国际机场时联邦调查局的人员已经在那里等候。

Las Vegas Authorities 'Making Progress' But No Motive Yet in Mass Shooting

U.S. President Donald Trump is going to Las Vegas on Wednesday, as investigators there continue to try to figure out why a gunman attacked a music festival from a hotel room high above, killing at least 58 people and then himself.

"We're going to see some of the folks that are recovering, some of the survivors," Trump said ahead of the trip. "We're also meeting with the police, with the sheriff, and we're going to spend quite a bit of time in Las Vegas."

The president also described the shooter as a "sick and demented person," and said that discussion about any new gun regulations is for "a later time."

Authorities have identified 64-year-old Stephen Paddock as the man who fired shots for between nine and 11 minutes from his 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. In addition to those killed, more than 500 people were injured during the attack.

Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo told reporters Tuesday that he "absolutely" believes police will determine the shooter's motive and that he anticipated a "substantial amount of information" in the next few days.

"We are making progress but I don't have complete answers yet," he said.

One potential key to the investigation is Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, who Lombardo said was a person of interest in the case. She was in the Philippines at the time of the attack and flew back to the United States late Tuesday. She was met at Los Angeles International Airport by FBI agents.