哈马斯领导人宣布与法塔赫达成政治和解

巴勒斯坦的哈马斯派系说，它同对立派系法塔赫达成了政治和解的协议。

哈马斯领导人哈尼亚星期四发表声明说，在埃及的热心撮合下，双方在开罗会谈两天后达成协议。哈尼亚说，协议细节星期四晚些时候将在埃及首都开罗公布。

法塔赫发言人在接受法新社采访时证实了哈马斯的宣布。

激进的哈马斯派系上个月决定，允许巴勒斯坦权力机构主席阿巴斯的法塔赫收回加沙的控制权。哈马斯2007年与法塔赫短暂开战，自那以来一直控制着加沙及其200万居民。双方2014年同意组建一个团结政府，但是哈马斯一直通过其行政机构管理加沙。

以色列10年来一直封锁加沙。近年来，加沙与埃及的边界也一直基本处于关闭状态，使加沙的经济百孔千疮。

Hamas Leader Says Reconciliation Deal Reached with Fatah

The Palestinian Hamas faction says it has reached a deal with its rival Fatah over its political reconciliation.

Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh issued a statement Thursday saying the two sides had struck an agreement after two days of talks in Cairo, under what he called Egypt's "generous" sponsorship. Haniyeh said details of the agreement would be announced later in the day in the Egyptian capital.

A Fatah spokesman confirmed the announcement in an interview with the French News Agency ((Agence France Presse)).

The agreement follows last month's decision by the militant Hamas faction to allow Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah movement to reassume control of Gaza. Hamas has governed the strip and its two million residents since 2007, when it fought a short civil war with Fatah. The two sides agreed to form a unity government in 2014, but Hamas has continued to oversee Gaza with its administrative body.

Israel has blockaded Gaza for a decade, and its border with Egypt has also remained largely closed in recent years, leaving Gaza's economy in shambles.

越南洪灾滑坡造成37人丧生

至少37人在越南北部和中部的洪水和滑坡中丧生，还有40人下落不明。

越南灾害管理当局说，还有至少21人受伤。伤情都发生在北部受灾最严重的和平省。和平省有11人丧生。

引发灾害的是本星期早些时候形成的一个热带低压槽，给越南带来多达40公分的降雨，淹没了至少1万600多栋房屋，成千上万公顷的农作物被毁。

越南经常发生洪水和暴雨，每年都会有数十人丧生。

Floods, Landslides Leave 37 People Dead in Vietnam

At least 37 people are dead and another 40 missing after floods and landslides devastated parts of northern and central Vietnam.

Vietnam's Disaster Management Authority says at least 21 people have been injured in the disaster, all of them in the hardest-hit northern province of Hoa Binh, where 11 people were killed.

The disaster was triggered by a tropical depression that reached Vietnam earlier this week, producing as much as 40 centimeters of rain. At least 16,000 homes have been submerged, and thousands of hectares of crop land have been damaged.

Vietnam is prone to floods and storms that kill scores of people each year.