《月光》获得金球奖最佳剧情片

2017年金球奖颁奖典礼星期天举行，著名女演员梅里尔·斯特里普获得了塞西尔·B·德米尔奖，也就是终身成就奖。

梅里尔·斯特里普在获奖感言中对即将上任的当选总统川普提出批评，说川普耻笑纽约时报一名残疾记者令她难过，她还呼吁媒体要坚持原则，发挥监督川普的作用。

讲述成长故事的影片《月光》获金球奖最佳剧情片，《乐来越爱你》获最佳音乐剧或喜剧类影片奖。

好莱坞外国媒体协会举办的年度金球奖被认为是二月份奥斯卡金像奖的一个风向标。

Moonlight Wins Golden Globe for Best Dramatic Movie

Consummate American actress Meryl Streep received the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement Sunday at the 2017 Golden Globe awards.

Upon receiving the award, however, Streep talked about a "real life" performance that "broke her heart" this year - Donald Trump's criticism and imitation of a disabled New York Times reporter. She then talked about the need for a "principled press" as a check on Trump's power.

Coming-of-age Moonlight won the award for best motion picture drama, while the whimsical musical La La Land won for best musical or comedy motion picture.

The Hollywood Foreign Press Association's annual awards are a draw for filmmakers and actors looking to create some buzz ahead of February's Academy Awards.

伊朗前总统拉夫桑贾尼病逝 享年82岁

伊朗官方电视台宣布，前总统、改革派领导人阿克巴·哈什米·拉夫桑贾尼去世。

拉夫桑贾尼享年82岁，因心脏病星期天在德黑兰以北的一家医院去世。

拉夫桑贾尼从1989年到1997年期间担任伊朗总统，还曾是1979年伊斯兰革命领导人阿亚图拉·阿里·哈梅内伊的最高顾问。

拉夫桑贾尼担任总统期间，伊朗努力在1980-1988年两伊战争结束后重建经济，还出现了一系列谨慎的改革，让伊朗实现了更多的自由，特别是在被严格管控的媒体领域。

伊朗政府宣布三天的哀悼期，定星期二为假日，在德黑兰为拉夫桑贾尼举行葬礼。

Former Iranian President Rafsanjani Dies at Age of 82

Iranian state television has announced the death of former president and leading reformer Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani.

afsanjani, 82 and suffering from heart ailments, died Sunday at a hospital north of Tehran.

Rafsanjani, who served as president from 1989 to 1997, was earlier seen as a top adviser to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the leader of the 1979 Islamic Revolution.

Rafsanjani's presidency saw the country seeking to rebuild its economy from the ruinous 1980-1988 war with neighboring Iraq. It was also marked by a series of cautious reforms which saw wider freedoms emerge, particularly in the country's tightly controlled media.

The government has announced three days of mourning, making Tuesday a public holiday for his funeral in Tehran.