英国首相特雷莎·梅：英美可再次共同发挥领导作用

在英国即将脱欧，川普总统刚刚上任之际，英国首相特雷莎·梅将呼吁重振美英两国的“特殊关系”。

特雷莎·梅星期四将先到费城，星期五访问白宫。她将是川普上任后第一位在华盛顿与他会晤的外国领导人。

特雷莎·梅计划星期四在费城向在开会的国会共和党人发表讲话；根据她的发言稿，她将回顾两国关系所“缔造的现代世界”。川普总统和副总统彭斯也将参加星期四的会议。

川普总统和特雷莎·梅首相都在采取措施，对国际关系领域进行改革，特别是在贸易领域内。英国脱离欧盟和美国退出12国太平洋贸易伙伴关系协定意味着世界各国要谈判达成新的贸易协议。

特雷莎·梅的脱欧计划包括把移民控制作为重点，不过她还没有宣布详细的政策计划。

British PM May: US, Britain Can 'Lead Together Again'

British Prime Minister Theresa May is set to call for a renewal of the "special relationship" with the United States, as Britain prepares to leave the European Union and President Donald Trump begins his term as the U.S. leader.

May is traveling Thursday to Philadelphia ahead of a visit to the White House on Friday. She will be the first foreign leader to meet with Trump in Washington since he took office.

May is scheduled to speak Thursday at a retreat for Republican members of Congress, where according to prepared remarks she will highlight the history of a relationship she says "made the modern world." Trump and Vice President Mike Pence will also attend the retreat Thursday.

"So as we rediscover our confidence together -- as you renew your nation just as we renew ours -- we have the opportunity, indeed the responsibility, to renew the special relationship for this new age. We have the opportunity to lead, together, again," May will say, according excerpts of her prepared remarks.

Both leaders have taken steps to reform their international relations, particularly through trade. Britain's exit from the EU and Trump's withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership will necessitate negotiating new trade agreements throughout the world.

May's plan for the EU exit includes placing a priority on controlling immigration, though she has not yet announced the proposed policy in detail.

美国向朝鲜提供人道援助

美国国务院星期三说，美国向朝鲜提供了一百万美元的人道援助。

尽管朝鲜和美国间关系日渐紧张，但是美国上星期还是在川普宣誓就职前一天向朝鲜提供了这笔援助。

这是美国自2011年以来首次向朝鲜提供援助。2011年美国向朝鲜水灾灾民提供了价值90万美元的医药设备等救援物资。

即将卸任的美国国务卿克里上星期在川普就职前一天批准把这笔给朝鲜的人道救援资金拨给联合国儿童基金会。

国务院通过电邮向美国之音证实了这个消息，并且说，这笔资金只能用于人道救援。不过国务院一位发言人说，政府官员“正在审核前任政府在卸任前的最后一些花费”。

美国向朝鲜提供援助的消息令华盛顿和首尔的一些政府官员感到意外，因为自朝鲜去年多次进行核试验以来，两国最近一直在向朝鲜施加压力。

US Humanitarian Aid Goes to North Korea

The United States has provided $1 million in humanitarian aid to North Korea, the U.S. State Department said Wednesday.

Despite growing tensions between North Korea and Washington, the U.S. sent the assistance last week on the day before President Donald Trump was sworn in and took over the U.S. government.

It marks the first time that the U.S. provided humanitarian assistance to the North since 2011, when it provided relief items worth $900,000 including medical supplies to North Korean flood victims.

Outgoing Secretary of State John Kerry awarded $1 million for North Korea to UNICEF, a U.N. agency, the day before President Donald Trump took office last week.

The State Department confirmed the assistance in an email to VOA and said the funding was destined only for humanitarian assistance. However, a spokesman added that U.S. officials are “currently reviewing last-minute spending approved by the previous administration.”

News of U.S. assistance to North Korea came as a surprise to some officials in Washington and Seoul, since both countries have been increasing pressure on Pyongyang since the communist country conducted multiple nuclear tests last year.