遣返泰难民营内缅甸难民面临挑战

在联合国支持下向缅甸遣返9万8千名缅甸难民的努力进展缓慢，随着国际捐助者削减为泰国难民营提供的经费，遣返工作面临越来越大的压力。

人道工作人员表示，资金压力正好又遇到由于连年冲突导致缅甸东南部的基础设施和卫生系统严重不足，以及安全形势动荡不定带来的困扰。

泰缅边境地带的9座难民营是1980年代中期设立了。当时缅甸难民蜂拥至泰国，以躲避少数族裔武装和缅甸军方之间的冲突。

但是随着缅甸选举，在昂山素季领导下的文官政府2015年建立，缅甸获得民主，难民遣返项目也开始增加。

Myanmar Refugees in Thai Camps Facing Repatriation Challenges

Efforts to repatriate over 98,000 ethnic Burmese refugees to Myanmar with United Nations support are making slow progress but coming under growing pressure as international donors cut funds to camps in Thailand where the refugees are living.

Humanitarian workers say the funding pressures come against a back drop of security uncertainties as well as issues of inadequate infrastructure and health systems in southeast Myanmar after years of conflict.

The nine camps on the Thai border have been in place since the mid-1980s as refugees flooded into Thailand to escape conflict between armed ethnic armies and the Myanmar military.

But programs to repatriate the refugees have increased as Myanmar, also known as Burma, has moved to democracy after the election of the civilian government under Aung San Suu Kyi in 2015.

研究：美银行法拍屋降至2005年来最低点

据一个商业研究机构的报告，美国住房的法拍活动已降至2005年来的最低水平。

跟踪全美各地违约通知、拍卖和银行收回等活动的房地产数据提供商ATTOM Data Solutions表示，这些活动的数量比一年前降低了百分之23，这意味着有7万7千多名房屋所有者没有按期支付房贷，银行采取了某种措施让他们的欠贷能够还上。

美国房屋市场的严重问题，以及由有时存在问题的房贷支撑下的证券销售，在金融危机中起了推波助澜的作用。这就是为什么投资者和经济学家如此密切关注房屋市场的原因。

华盛顿州西雅图市在此项研究中表现最佳，法拍屋通知的数量比一年前降低了百分之38；而新泽西州大西洋城法拍问题最严重，每237座住房单位就有一个接到某种通知。

Study: US Foreclosure Activity Drops To Lowest Level Since 2005

Housing foreclosure activity in the United States dropped to the lowest level since 2005 last month, according to a business research group.

ATTOM Data Solutions tracks default notices, auctions, and bank repossessions across the nation and says the number of actions dropped 23 percent from a year ago. That means more than 77,000 homeowners missed payments and banks took some kind of action to try to get their loans repaid.

Severe problems in the U.S. housing market, and sales of securities backed by sometimes faulty mortgages, played a key role in the financial crisis, which is one reason that investors and economists watch the housing market closely.

Seattle, Washington was the city that did the best in this study, with the number of foreclosure notices dropping 38 percent from the same time a year ago. Atlantic City, New Jersey had the worst foreclosure problem in this study, with one out of every 237 housing units getting a notice of some kind.