白宫表态阿萨德不能继续掌权

白宫星期一明确表示，美国认为叙利亚总统阿萨德无法继续长期执政。

美国总统川普的新闻发言人斯派塞告诉记者说，“你无法想象阿萨德掌权下，叙利亚会实现稳定与和平。我不认为这是可能出现的情形。”

白宫发言人斯派塞表示，美国的当务之急是击败在叙利亚的伊斯兰国武装人员，接下来就要为“叙利亚的领导人更迭创造环境”。他说，结束历时7年的叙利亚冲突的一个目标，就是要为饱经战火的叙利亚人民创建一个安全的环境，等留在祖国，无需逃离。

川普总统上周下令对叙利亚一个空军基地发动导弹袭击。美国官员认为叙利亚利用该基地用化学武器打击反阿萨德政权的反叛分子。化武袭击导致数十人丧生，数百人受害。

斯派塞表示，美国对叙利亚的攻击可能不会是最后一次。

White House Sees No Way Syria's Assad Stays in Power

The White House on Monday made clear it sees no way that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad can stay in power for the long term.

Sean Spicer, U.S. President Donald Trump's spokesman, told reporters, "You can't imagine a stable and peaceful Syria with Assad in charge. I don't think that's a scenario that's possible."

The White House press secretary said the U.S.'s main priority is defeating Islamic State fighters in Syria and then to "create an environment for a change in leadership." He said one goal in ending the conflict, now in its seventh year, is to create a safe place for war weary Syrians to be able to remain in the country without having to flee the country for safe harbor.

Trump last week launched a missile attack on the air field U.S. officials believe Syria used as a base to assault rebels fighting the Assad regime with chemical weapons. Dozens were killed and hundreds more were sickened.

Spicer said the U.S. attack might not be the last.

中情局黑客工具与16个国家的40起网络攻击有关

据计算机安全公司赛门铁克的一份报告，美国中央情报局使用的黑客工具，可能被用于16个国家发生的至少40起网络攻击事件。

赛门铁克表示，他们星期一发表的报告是基于维基解密网站上个月发布的中情局文件。该公司发现，维基解密网站最近公布的黑客工具和全世界各地发生的电子侵入国际、金融、能源和航空航天机构事件有关。

公司、大学和政府部门都是攻击的目标，中东地区是网络攻击的首要目标地区。

赛门铁克公司的报告中没有提及“中情局”，但是几乎没有人怀疑中情局是这些黑客工具的来源地。维基解密网站3月初开始公布这些黑客工具时，该网站不同寻常地说明了这些工具是如何从中情局网络情报中心获取的。

中情局拒绝对赛门铁克公司的报告或者维基解密网站公布文件的真实性直接发表评论。中情局一位发言人为该机构“积极搜集外国情报”的努力进行了辩护，表示美国公众应当对维基解密的行为“深感忧虑”。

CIA Hacking Tools Linked to 40 Cyberattacks in 16 Countries

The hacking tools used by the Central Intelligence Agency may have been involved in at least 40 cyberattacks in 16 countries, according to the computer security company Symantec.

Symantec said its report issued Monday was based on CIA files released by WikiLeaks last month. It found that tools in WikiLeaks' recent releases have been linked to the electronic infiltration of international, financial, energy and aerospace organizations across the world.

Companies, universities and government departments were all subject to attacks, with the Middle East being the primary target for attacks.

The word "CIA'' was not mentioned in Symantec's post, but few if any doubt that that's where the tools come from. When WikiLeaks began releasing them in early March, it gave an unusually explicit account of how the tools had been taken from the CIA's Center for Cyber Intelligence.

The CIA refused to comment directly on the report by Symantec or on the authenticity of the documents released by WikiLeaks. Instead, a spokesman defended the agency's efforts to "aggressively collect foreign intelligence," and said the U.S. public should be "deeply troubled" by WikiLeaks' behavior.