拉斯维加斯警方：难以置信屠杀是枪手一人所为

调查人员努力查明美国历史上罕见的枪击杀人事件的动机之际，美国总统川普到拉斯维加斯慰问受害者，并会见警察和第一时间赶到现场的急救人员。

川普总统星期三赞扬星期天奔赴枪击屠杀现场的急救人员和医务人员。

他说：“我今天看到了无比的专业精神，令你作为美国人而感到骄傲。”

与此同时，拉斯维加斯地区警察负责人隆巴多说，关键在于向所有认识枪手帕多克的人了解情况，以查找是否还有同谋。

隆巴多对记者说，鉴于帕多克在他的汽车里准备了大量枪支和弹药，他很难相信帕多克一个人单独进行了这场屠杀。

隆巴多说，帕多克几十年来一直过着他所称的“隐秘”生活，隐藏他的种种活动说明他经过周密策划。

但是他拒绝明确说明已发现有关帕多克的任何信息，因为他不想掌握信息的人听到他的话后隐藏起来。

他说，帕多克所在酒店房间里有迹象显示，他肆意开枪杀人后策划逃跑。帕多克在警察逼近他的酒店房间时饮弹自尽。

Sheriff Says Hard to Believe Las Vegas Gunman Planned Attack By Himself

While investigators attempt to unravel the reason for the worst mass shooting in recent U.S. history, President Donald Trump went to Las Vegas to console victims and meet with police and other first responders.

Trump, speaking next to first lady Melania Trump, on Wednesday praised emergency workers and medical staff who responded to Sunday's massacre.

“What I saw today is just an incredible tribute to professionalism,” Trump said. “It makes you proud to be an American.”

Meanwhile, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Sheriff Joe Lombardo said it is crucial to talk to anyone who knew gunman Stephen Paddock in the hunt for possible accomplices.

Considering the number of weapons Paddock collected and explosives he had stockpiled in his car, Lombardo told reporters he finds it hard to believe Paddock could have carried out the massacre on his own.

Lombardo said Paddock spent decades living what he calls a "secret life" and that concealing his activities all those years was well thought out.

But the sheriff declined to provide any details on what has been uncovered so far about Paddock because he said he does not want to say something that could drive anyone with information underground.

Lombardo said there were signs in Paddock's hotel room that he planned to escape after his shooting rampage. Paddock shot himself in the mouth as police zeroed in on his room.

美中高层执法合作对话 “坦率”讨论分歧

中国在逃前官员乔建军的妻子赵世兰今年早些时候对美国政府提出的利用美国EB5投资签证阴谋进行移民欺诈的指控表示认罪。

赵世兰同意向美国交出在美国不同地点的若干房产，价值数百万美元，同时配合美国对乔建军的调查。乔建军携带中国的公共资金潜逃到美国，被中国政府以腐败罪名通缉。

还有其他一些中国在逃人员目前住在美国，其中一些人与北京上层有联系。迄今为止，中国的执法部门对这些人鞭长莫及。

美国和中国定期进行有关执法合作的对话。最近数月以来，华盛顿和北京一直努力加强执法、遣返、缉毒、反恐和打击网络犯罪等领域的合作。

美国和中国星期三举行了执法与网络安全高层双边对话。这是川普总统和中国国家主席习近平今年4月会面时商定的四个对话中的一个。

这次高层对话涉及两国的分歧，并针对移民和在逃人员进行了“坦率的”讨论。

美国官员抱怨说，北京在遣返留在美国的非法中国移民方面没有做出足够努力。华盛顿还抗议说，一些中国的安全人员用访客签证进入美国，然而在美国境内从事公干，或试图带回在逃人员。

与此同时，被北京通缉的中国亿万富翁郭文贵定于星期四在华盛顿召开记者会，爆料中国高层的腐败。

郭文贵提出了一些中国共产党最高层广泛腐败的指称。

中国检察院对目前住在纽约的郭文贵提出一系列指控，正在对郭文贵进行19项刑事调查，包括贿赂高层中国情报官员、绑架、强奸、欺诈和洗钱。

郭文贵在推特上反驳中国的指控，说国际刑警组织的红通令是彻底腐败而又担心其犯罪行为被揭露的中国官员的自杀行为。

消息人士告诉美国之音，北京希望美国帮助遣返郭文贵。郭文贵正在美国申请政治庇护。

美国国务院发言人对美国之音说，不了解星期三的美中对话上是否提到郭文贵的案件，这类案件的讨论由司法部和国土安全部牵头。

High-level US-China Talks Focus on Immigration, Fugitives

Shilan Zhao, former wife of fugitive Chinese official Jianjun Qiao, pleaded guilty earlier this year to charges by the U.S. government of conspiring to commit immigration fraud related to the EB5 "investor" visa program.

Zhao agreed to forfeit millions of dollars' worth of several properties in the United States and to cooperate with the investigation on Qiao, who is wanted by the Chinese government for corruption charges. Qiao escaped to the U.S. with Chinese public funds.

But there are other fugitives from China living in the United States, some connected to Beijing’s elite, who have so far been outside the reach of Chinese law enforcement.

To try to bridge differences, the two countries hold regular dialogues. In recent months, Washington and Beijing have been working to increase cooperation on law enforcement, repatriations, counter-narcotics, counterterrorism and combatting cybercrime.

On Wednesday, the U.S. and China held a high-level, bilateral Law Enforcement and Cyber Security Dialogue -- one of four such meetings agreed to by President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in April.

The high-level talks also addressed disagreements between the two countries with “frank discussions” on immigration and fugitives.

U.S. officials had lodged complaints that Beijing is not making enough efforts to repatriate illegal Chinese immigrants staying in the United States. Washington also protested that some Chinese security officials used visitors visas to enter U.S. soil while conducting official business of attempting to repatriate Chinese fugitives.

Meanwhile, Guo Wengui, a Chinese billionaire wanted by Beijing, is scheduled to hold a news conference in Washington Thursday to discuss high-level corruption in China’s ruling elite.

Guo has made allegations of massive corruption within the highest levels of the Communist party.

Chinese prosecutors are building a sprawling case against the New York-based real estate tycoon, who is being investigated for at least 19 major criminal cases. Allegations against him include bribing a top Chinese intelligence official, kidnapping, rape, fraud and money laundering.

On Twitter, he dismissed the allegations from China, calling the "red notice" by Interpol “suicidal behavior coming from truly corrupt officials who fear I will expose their crimes.”

Sources told VOA Beijing is seeking help from the U.S. to repatriate Guo, who is seeking political asylum in the U.S.

State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert told VOA she did not know if discussion on Guo’s case came up in Wednesday’s meeting.