飓风玛丽亚重创多米尼加

加勒比海岛国多米尼加星期一夜间受到飓风玛丽亚重创。此前，玛丽亚迅速成长为5级飓风，可能造成危及生命的巨浪和暴雨。

多米尼加总理罗斯福·斯凯里特在脸书上说，初步报道显示，飓风造成“大面积破坏”。

斯凯里特说：“到目前为止，我们的损失还是金钱可以弥补的，我最害怕的是一觉醒来，会有消息说，持续降雨造成山体滑坡，导致了严重的人员受伤甚至死亡。”

他补充说，当务之急是找到受伤或是被困在废墟里的人。

美国国家飓风中心说，玛丽亚星期二早上最高持续风力约每小时250公里，风暴中心正缓慢离开多米尼加，途经瓜达卢佩岛南部海岸，狂风和暴雨横扫背风群岛和小安的列斯群岛大片地区。

国家飓风中心预计，玛丽亚飓风风眼星期二晚上将直扑美属维京群岛，是“极其危险的重要飓风”，星期三穿过波多黎各。

美国总统川普已经宣布，波多黎各和美属维京群岛为紧急状态，授权国土安全部和联邦紧急事务管理署协调救灾努力。​

Hurricane Maria Makes Direct Hit on Dominica

The Caribbean island nation Dominica took a direct hit overnight from Hurricane Maria, after the storm rapidly strengthened into a Category 5 hurricane capable of bringing life-threatening storm surge and flooding rains.

Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit wrote on Facebook that initial reports indicate "widespread devastation."

"So far we have lost all what money can buy and replace. My greatest fear for the morning is that we will wake up to news of serious physical injury and possible deaths as a result of likely landslides triggered by persistent rains," Skerrit said.

He added that the focus is on finding people injured or trapped in rubble.

The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Maria had maximum sustained winds early Tuesday of about 250 kilometers per hour. The center of the storm was slowly moving away from Dominica and past the southern coast of Guadaloupe, while bands of strong winds and rain extended to many areas in the Leeward Islands and Lesser Antilles.

The National Hurricane Center expects the eye of Hurricane Maria to approach the U.S. Virgin Islands by late Tuesday as an "extremely dangerous major hurricane," and to cross over Puerto Rico on Wednesday.

U.S. President Donald Trump has declared a state of emergency for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and authorized Homeland Security and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to coordinate all relief efforts.

昂山素季声讨若开邦侵犯人权的现象

缅甸实际上的领导人昂山素季表示，她的政府谴责西部若开邦发生的侵犯人权的现象。那里已经有40多万罗兴亚穆斯林被逼无奈逃入邻国孟加拉国。

诺贝尔和平奖得主，缅甸国家委员昂山素季星期二在缅甸首都内比都向外交界人士发表讲话时说，缅甸不怕国际监查，并保证，任何侵犯人权或“有损稳定和谐”的行动都将“根据严格的正义标准”得到处置。

但她也坚持说，“指控要有可靠证据，才会采取行动。”

昂山素季说，缅甸将为那些希望返回家园的难民设立核实程序，并誓言他们的要求“会毫不含糊地得到批准”。但她同时表示，很多穆斯林并没有走，他们的家在冲突中也没有被摧毁，并邀请外交官跟缅甸政府一起，看看为什么这些穆斯林能成功融入若开邦的社会。

8月25日罗兴亚激进分子对几十个警察哨卡展开袭击，若开邦从此陷入了无尽的暴力。缅甸保安部队积极反攻，引发了目前的难民潮。联合国称其为“典型的民族清洗”。

因为与缅甸前军政权抗衡几十年而被视为民主灯塔的昂山素季，这次却因缅甸政府对若开邦暴力做出的反应而成了国际批判的众矢之的。昂山素季此前曾说，若开邦的危机是“虚假信息，目的是促进恐怖分子的利益。”

缅甸以佛教徒为主，视罗兴亚人为孟加拉国移民，即便他们能够证明自己祖祖辈辈生活在缅甸，但还是无权获得缅甸公民的身份。

Aung San Suu Kyi Denounces Human Rights Violations in Rakhine State

Myanmar's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi says her government condemns all human rights violations in western Rakhine state, where over 400,000 Rohingya Muslims have been forced to flee to safety into neighboring Bangladesh.

In an address Tuesday in the capital of Naypyitaw before a group of foreign diplomats, the Nobel Peace laureate, who serves as Myanmar's state councilor, said her country does not fear international scrutiny, and offered her assurance that any human rights violations or "acts that impair stability and harmony" will be dealt with "in accordance with strict norms of justice."

But she insisted that all "allegations are based on solid evidence before we take action."

She said Myanmar will set up a verification process for those refugees who wish to return home, and vowed their request "will be accepted without hesitation." But she also said many Muslims have remained in their homes, which have not been destroyed in the conflict, and invited the diplomats to join her government in finding out why those Muslims have integrated successfully in Rakhine state.

Rakhine state has been engulfed in violence since a group of Rohingya militants attacked dozens of police posts and an army base August 25. Security forces responded with an aggressive counteroffensive that triggered the current exodus, which the United Nations has described as "a textbook example of ethnic cleansing."

Long admired as a beacon of democracy over her decades of defiance towards Myanmar's former ruling military junta, Aung San Suu Kyi has borne the brunt of international criticism for her government's response to the violence. She has previously dismissed reports of the crisis in Rakhine state as "fake information designed to promote the interests of "terrorists."

The Rohingya are considered to be Bangladeshi migrants and are denied citizenship in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, even if they can show that their families have been in Myanmar for generations.