美国顶尖科技精英愿效力川普政府 推动国防发明创造

美国五角大楼一个专家委员会汇集了科技界最顶尖的一些精英和专家，帮助提高军队的实力与文化。这些精英人士说，他们愿意继续为川普政府效力。

谷歌母公司--字母表公司的董事会主席埃里克·施密特表示，如果收到邀请，委员会的每一个成员都愿意留下来，在退役将军马蒂斯领导下的国防部继续工作。

施密特星期一在大选后专家委员会的首次会议后告诉媒体说：“没有人通知我打算离开。”

著名天体物理学家尼尔·德葛拉斯·泰森告诉记者说，该委员会的宗旨是服务国家，而不是服务于某一届政府。

美国国防创新委员会是国防部长卡特在2016年4月成立的，目的是将硅谷的技术创新发展运用到美国军方。

该委员会星期一投票批准了对国防部的11项建议，包括任命新的创新负责人，为军队中的电脑专业人员设定升迁路径，对高精尖武器的网络安全薄弱环节进行评估。

Top Scientists, Tech Experts Agree to Innovate Military Under Trump Administration

The Pentagon has tapped some of science and technology’s greatest minds to help innovate U.S. military capabilities and culture, and members of this panel say they will continue serving in the Trump administration if asked.

Eric Schmidt, the chairman of the board and chairman of Google's parent company, Alphabet, said he expects everyone to stay on to serve under retired General James Mattis, if the board is invited to continue its work.

“No one has told me they are leaving,” Schmidt told reporters at the Pentagon Monday after a first board meeting since the presidential election.

Famed astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson told reporters the board is there to serve the country, not one particular administration.

The Defense Innovation Board was created by Defense Secretary Ash Carter in April 2016 to incorporate some of the technological innovations and practices of Silicon Valley into the military.

The board voted Monday to approve 11 recommendations for the Department of Defense, including appointing a new chief innovation officer, establishing a career track for computer scientists in the military, and assessing cyber security vulnerabilities of advanced weapons.

美国将克里姆林宫首席调查官员和其他6人加入制裁名单

美国星期一宣布，制裁包括俄罗斯调查部门最高官员在内的五名俄罗斯官员，美国国务院称他们为“臭名昭著的人权侵犯者”。

这五个人和另外两个据信跟真主党有关的人是根据马格尼茨基人权问责法而被制裁的。

虽然美国官员没有透露他们被制裁的具体原因，不过美国国务院发言人科比说：“制裁名单上每一个最近增加的人都经过了全面的调查。”

他们当中包括专门压制异议人士的俄罗斯调查部门最高官员亚历山大.巴斯特里金。

目前名单上的44个人将不得进入美国，他们在美国的资产将被冻结。美国公民将不得与他们有任何金融往来。

马格尼茨基人权问责法以俄罗斯反腐败律师谢尔盖·马格尼茨基命名。马格尼茨基在监狱中被关押一年后身体状况恶化，于2009年去世。

俄罗斯调查人员说，马格尼茨基的死没有任何可疑之处。

但是美国国务院认为，有证据显示马格尼茨基在狱中被殴打，他的病没有得到及时治疗。

US Adds Kremlin's Top Investigator, 6 Others to Sanctions List

The U.S. imposed sanctions on Russia's top investigator and four other Kremlin figures Monday for what the State Department calls "notorious human rights violations."

The five Russians, along with two other men with alleged ties to Hezbollah, were sanctioned under the Magnitsky Act.

U.S. officials did not say exactly what the seven are being sanctioned for. But State Department spokesman John Kirby said, "Each of the most recently added names was considered after extensive research."

Kirby said the five Russians played "roles in the repressive machinery of Russia's law enforcement systems, as well as individuals involved in notorious human rights violations."

They include Alexander Bastrykin, who is believed to be the Kremlin's top investigator and leads the crackdown on dissenters.

The 44 people now on the list are barred from entering the United States and their U.S. assets are frozen. U.S. citizens are forbidden from carrying out any financial transactions with them.

The Magnitsky Act was named for Russian anti-corruption lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, who died in 2009 after spending a year in prison and in poor health.

Russian investigators ruled there was nothing criminal in Magnitsky's death.

But the State Department alleges there is plenty of evidence to show Magnitsky was beaten in his jail cell, and his illnesses went untreated.