郭文贵接受美国之音中文专访

中国外交部表示，国际刑警组织星期三发出逮捕中国亿万富豪郭文贵的“红色通报”，但是没有给出他所涉犯罪的具体内容。

中国外交部发言人陆慷对记者说，“我们知道，国际刑警组织已经对犯罪嫌疑人郭文贵发出了‘红色通报’。”

中国外交部表态的同时，美国之音普通话语组播出了对郭文贵的直播采访。郭文贵此前表示，他会提供中国高层领导人的贪腐细节。

中国官员此前对美国之音采访郭文贵表示担忧。郭文贵过去曾爆料中国高层官员或者家人秘密控制的企业。他在星期三的访谈中提供了更多细节，但是这些细节还没有得到证实。

郭文贵接受了美国之音中文部一个小时的直播采访，他表示，国际刑警组织逮捕他的红色通报是出于政治动机，目的在于阻止此次采访。

Guo Wengui Speaks With VOA China Service

The Chinese Foreign Ministry said Interpol issued a "red notice" Wednesday for the arrest of billionaire and Communist Party critic Guo Wengui but gave no details of his alleged crimes.

"What we understand is that Interpol has already issued a red notice' for criminal suspect Guo Wengui," foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters.

The comments came as VOA's Mandarin service aired a live interview with Guo, who had previously said he would provide details about corruption involving Chinese leaders.

Chinese officials had expressed concerns to VOA about the interview before it took place. In the past, Guo has made allegations of secret businesses controlled by senior Chinese leaders or their families. He outlined more details in Wednesday's interview, which have not yet been substantiated.

Guo, who spoke live to VOA for an hour, suggested that the Interpol notice for his arrest was politically motivated and aimed at preventing the interview.

美防长访埃及推进两国关系回暖

美国国防部长詹姆斯·马蒂斯星期四抵达埃及访问，延续川普政府执政首个百日期间华盛顿与开罗之间关系逐渐回暖的势头。

马蒂斯会见了埃及国防部长苏卜希以及埃及总统塞西。塞西总统本月早些时候访问了白宫，他是美国前总统奥巴马2009年接待穆巴拉克总统后，首位来访的埃及领导人。

2011年发生的政治巨变导致穆巴拉克被废黜，开始的连年动荡局面使得奉行集权的前将领塞西上台掌权。

预计马蒂斯访问埃及期间将推动正苦于应对政治、经济和安全问题的埃及，在本国西奈半岛甚至一些城市地区频受恐怖威胁的情况下，保持反恐的严厉态势。最近圣枝主日位于亚历山大和坦塔的哥普特基督徒教堂受到的致命袭击事件，就是伊斯兰国激进分子所为。

US Defense Secretary Mattis Visits Egypt

U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Egypt Thursday, continuing Washington's warming of relations with Cairo during the Trump administration's first 100 days.

Mattis met with Egyptian Defense Minister Sedki Sobhy and President Abdel Fattah el-Sissi, whose White House visit earlier this month was the first by an Egyptian leader since former U.S. President Barack Obama hosted Hosni Mubarak in 2009.

Political upheaval in 2011 ousted Mubarak and started years of turmoil that brought the authoritarian former general Sissi to power.

While in Egypt, Mattis was expected to push the country, which is struggling with political, financial and security issues, to remain tough on counter-terrorism amid a threat in the Sinai Peninsula and even in some urban areas, as shown in the deadly Palm Sunday attacks on Coptic churches in Alexandria and Tanta conducted by Islamic State militants.