巴基斯坦自杀炸弹袭击至少六人丧生

巴基斯坦东部发生自杀炸弹袭击，至少六人丧生，其中包括几名军人。

有关当局说，在人口最密集的旁遮普省省会拉合尔，一辆运载人口普查官员的箱型车是星期三的袭击目标。巴基斯坦的塔利班宣称对这次袭击负责。

爆炸造成约20人受伤。拉合尔省卫生部长赫瓦贾·伊姆兰·纳齐尔说，其中3人有生命危险。他说：“医生正在对他们进行手术，上帝保佑他们能康复。其余患者情况比较稳定。”

一位目击者对记者说，他与家人一起坐在家里，突然听到街对面的爆炸声。

他说：“我们跑过来，看到到处都散落着的遇难者的尸体，受伤的人哭着求助。”

拉合尔警方表示，反恐官员找到了自杀炸弹杀手嫌疑人尸体的部分肢体，正在对袭击进行调查。

巴基斯坦3月开始了19年来第一次人口普查，派出了12万统计人员，并出动20万政府军协助。这次人口普查定于5月底结束。

巴基斯坦塔利班自今年初开始在巴基斯坦境内加大袭击力度，已造成大批人死亡。

巴基斯坦政府指称策划暴力攻击的激进分子藏身在邻国阿富汗。阿富汗否认这个指称。

Suicide Bomber Kills Six People in Pakistan

A suicide bomber has killed at least six people in eastern Pakistan, including several soldiers.

Authorities said that a van transporting census officials in Lahore, capital of the country’s most populous Punjab province, was the target of Wednesday’s attack. The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for the deadly bombing.

The blast wounded around 20 people. Provincial Minister of Health, Khwaja Imran Nazir, said three of them were in "critical" condition.

“Doctors are operating upon them, and God willing they will recover. The rest of the patients are in a stable condition,” he added.

An eyewitness told reporters he was sitting at home across the street with his family when they heard the blast.

“We came running here and saw bodies of the victims scattered all over while those wounded were crying for help,” the man said.

Counterterrorism officials retrieved body parts of the suspected bomber and an investigation has been launched into the attack, according to provincial police.

Pakistan last month went ahead with its first national census in 19 years, deploying around 120,000 civilian enumerators and 200,000 Pakistani troops to support them. The massive exercise is due to be concluded by the end of May.

The Pakistani Taliban has stepped up attacks in Pakistan since the beginning of this year, killing scores of people.

Islamabad alleges militants are plotting the violence against the country from their sanctuaries inside neighboring Afghanistan, charges Kabul rejects.

圣彼得堡地铁爆炸案后全城气氛紧张

俄罗斯国家调查委员会称，已逮捕6名涉嫌在圣彼得堡帮助恐怖分子活动的中亚男子。两天前，这座城市一个拥挤的地铁站发生了爆炸袭击，多人死伤。

这6人被控自2015年起，从中亚国家招募男性加入“伊斯兰国”及其它极端组织。但是调查委员会发布声明称，尚无证据表明这些人与造成14人死亡、数十人受伤的圣彼得堡爆炸案有关。

俄调查人员认定，在吉尔吉斯斯坦出生的22岁男子阿尔巴伦·扎利罗夫发动了这次自杀式炸弹袭击。

中国、欧洲以及巴西等国家领导人对这次悲剧表示哀悼。美国总统川普致电俄罗斯总统普京，表示美国愿意尽力帮助。

俄罗斯外交部长拉夫罗夫说，俄罗斯这次得到的广泛支持显示，世界各国都意识到，应该联手对抗恐怖主义，而不是试图“利用极端分子来达成狭隘的地缘政治目标。”

这次袭击令圣彼得堡的居民紧张不安。

当地区民阿纳斯塔西娅说：“这个城市的氛围很紧张。人们要靠步行，不清楚正在发生什么事。公共交通疲于应对。我们感到恐惧。”

俄罗斯正在为遇难者举行为期3天的哀悼。俄罗斯总统普京连夜赴圣彼得堡的爆炸地点附近，献花吊唁。爆炸发生时，普京当时就在城中。克里姆林宫发言人迪米特里·佩斯科夫称，爆炸时机“引人深思”。

St. Petersburg Remains on Edge after Subway Bombing Attack

Russia's state investigative committee says it has arrested six Central Asian men in St. Petersburg on suspicion of aiding terrorist activity, two days after a deadly attack on a crowded subway train in that city.

The group is accused of recruiting other men from Central Asian republics to join Islamic State and other extremist groups since 2015. But the committee issued a statement saying no evidence has been uncovered linking the group to the bombing that killed 14 people and left dozens more injured.

Russian investigators have identified 22-year-old Kyrgyz-born Akbarzhon Dzhalilov as the suicide bomber who carried out the attack.

World leaders from China to Europe to Brazil expressed their condolences over the tragedy. U.S. President Donald Trump phoned Russian President Vladimir Putin and offered full support in responding to the attack.

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the global outpouring Russia received reflected a common understanding of the need to join efforts to fight terrorism instead of trying, according to him, to “use extremists to reach narrow geopolitical goals.”

The attack has left St. Petersburg residents on edge.

“I think the atmosphere in the city is nervous,” said resident Anastasia. “People walk and they do not understand what is happening. The public transport is too busy and is not coping. It is scary for us.”

Russia is holding three days of mourning for those killed. President Putin overnight laid flowers near the bombing cite in St. Petersburg in tribute. Putin was in the city when the bombing occurred, the timing of which Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called “food for thought.”