美国议员等待司法部长塞申斯作证

美国议员星期天表示，他们希望美国司法部长杰夫·塞申斯本周在参议院情报委员会就调查俄罗斯介入去年美国总统大选一事进行作证时，能够得到他对一些问题的答案。

来自罗德岛州的民主党籍参议员杰克·里德对福克斯星期天新闻节目说，“我对他参与解雇前联调局局长科米一事有个问题。还有就是有公开的指称说，在他自己声明与俄罗斯政府的代表举行的会晤之外还有会晤。这个问题也会问到。”

塞申斯原本定于本周出席众议院和参议院拨款委员会的会议。但是他星期六写信给国会，他希望在参议院情报委员会作证，回应上周科米作证所出现的问题。

来自俄克拉荷马州的共和党籍参议员詹姆斯·兰克福德在哥伦比亚广播公司的“面对全国”节目中说，“我预计听证会是公开的。我们希望能够得到他对这个问题的说法，厘清所有的事实。我们有很多未透露姓名的媒体信息来源，说到了有关杰夫·塞申斯的事情。直接从他那里得到回答会非常好。”

塞申斯领导的司法部，一直在调查俄罗斯政府和川普总统核心圈的联系接触。

US Lawmakers Await Sessions' Testimony

U.S. lawmakers said Sunday they want answers from U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions when he testifies this week before the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating Russian interference in last year's presidential election.

“There’s a question of his [Sessions’] participation in the firing of [former FBI] director Comey,” Democratic Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island said on Fox News Sunday. “Then, there have been allegations, publicly, of meetings that go beyond the meetings that he has already declared he had with representatives of Russia’s government. That will come up.”

Sessions originally was scheduled to appear before House and Senate appropriations subcommittees this week. But he wrote to Congress Saturday that he wanted to speak before the Senate Intelligence Committee instead to address questions that arose during Comey's testimony last week.

“I assume that this [hearing] will be public,” Republican Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma said on CBS’ Face the Nation program. “We want to be able to get his side of it, get all the facts out there. We’ve had a lot of unnamed sources in the media come out and make statements about Jeff Sessions. It would be very good to get it directly from him.”

The Justice Department, which Sessions heads, has been investigating contacts between the Russian government and President Donald Trump's inner circle.

英首相任命内阁成员誓言留任

英国身陷困境的首相特蕾莎·梅已经公布了新的内阁人选，新内阁旨在集中精力处理社会议题以及“成功实现英国脱欧”。

梅首相星期天说，新的内阁成员把“整个保守党的才智”都汇聚在一起。

她将前就业与年金大臣达米安·格林任命为首席国务大臣，作为她的副手。

财政部首席秘书大卫·高克接替格林的位置，前下议院议长大卫．莱丁顿被任命为司法部长。

一项出人意料的任命是由高文浩担任环境和农业大臣，他不到一年前刚刚被梅首相从内阁除名。

鲍里斯·约翰逊继续留任外交大臣，欧洲怀疑论者大卫·戴维斯担任脱欧大臣。

另外。梅首相去年任命的安珀·路德继续担任内政大臣，国防大臣迈克尔·法伦也获得留任。

对于有关特蕾莎·梅首相在唐宁街10号的日子已经屈指可数的说法，梅首相表示不屑一顾。

May Names New Cabinet, Vows to Continue Job

Britain's embattled Prime Minister Theresa May has unveiled her new Cabinet, aimed at focusing on social issues and "delivering a successful Brexit."

May on Sunday said the new line-up brought in "talent from across the whole of the Conservative Party."

She made Damian Green, former work and pensions secretary, her deputy by naming him first secretary of state.

Treasury chief secretary David Gauke moves in to take Green's place, while the leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, becomes justice secretary.

A surprise appointment came with the naming of Michael Gove as environment and agriculture minister, less than a year after he was removed from the Cabinet by May.

Boris Johnson stays on as foreign minister, alongside fellow eurosceptic David Davis as Brexit minister.

May's replacement last year as interior minister, Amber Rudd, keeps her post, as does Defense Minister Michael Fallon.

The prime minister shrugged off suggestions that her days in Downing Street are numbered.