喀布尔银行外发生自杀袭击 5人丧生

阿富汗首都喀布尔的一位警方发言人向美国之音证实，一名自杀炸弹杀手在喀布尔一家银行外对人群发动袭击，造成至少5人丧生，9人受伤。

袭击是在喀布尔银行一家分行的入口处发生的，距离戒备森严的美国使馆不远。

这次袭击的目标目前还不清楚，但是目击者说，人群中包括阿富汗军队和其它保安机构的工作人员，他们正在领取工资。

这起袭击事件正值阿富汗为一年一度的开斋节做准备。

上星期五，喀布尔一个挤得满满的什叶派清真寺发生炸弹袭击，炸死40多个祈祷者，其中包括妇女和儿童，还炸伤100多人。

伊斯兰国组织宣称对这次暴力事件负责。

Suicide Bomber Kills 5 Outside Kabul Bank

A suicide bomber attacked a crowd outside a bank in the Afghan capital of Kabul on Tuesday, killing at least five people and wounding nine others, a city police spokesman confirmed to VOA.

The attack occurred at the entrance of a Kabul Bank branch not far from the heavily protected U.S. embassy.

The target was not clear, but witnesses said personnel of the Afghan army and other security institutions were among the crowd to receive their monthly salaries.

The deadly blast occurred as Afghanistan prepares to mark the annual festival of Eid.

On Friday, a bomb attack at a packed Shi'ite mosque in Kabul killed more than 40 worshipers, including women and children, and wounded more than 100 others.

Islamic State claimed responsibility for the violence.

朝鲜发射一枚飞越日本的导弹 引起关注

朝鲜星期二早晨发射了一枚导弹。这枚导弹飞过日本上空，引起日本和韩国新的关切。

日本政府说，这枚导弹发射大约10分钟后飞过日本上空，随后在空中解体，分为三节，在日本北海道以东海域落入太平洋。

导弹的飞行轨迹触发了卫星激活的紧急预警，告诫日本东北地区民众为导弹可能落地做好准备。

韩国参谋长联席会议说，这枚导弹是日本和韩国时间星期二早上5点57分从朝鲜顺安发射的，在平壤国际机场附近，导弹飞行了2700多公里，飞行高度最高达到约550公里。

东京当局表示，他们的反导弹发射装置没有试图击落这枚导弹。

美国五角大楼发言人曼宁上校说，这枚导弹“没有对北美构成威胁“。

美国国家安全委员会的一位官员对美国之音说，美国当局正在等待美军太平洋司令部上报关于这枚朝鲜导弹型号的具体信息。

日本当局侦测到导弹发射后，立即向日本北部地区发出了警报，但是没有导弹碎片落在陆地上的报道。

日本首相安倍晋三立即召开紧急会议。他在进入办公室之际说：“我们将做出最大努力来坚决保卫人民生命。”

日本政府首席发言人菅义伟说，这起事件对日本构成“严重的安全威胁”。

菅义伟宣布，这次导弹发射是公然违反联合国决议。他并且表示，日本将和美国、韩国和其他相关国家密切协调做出反应。

日本、美国和韩国呼吁联合国安理会召开紧急会议，讨论新的事态发展。

韩国总统文在寅星期二早上也依惯例迅速召集国家安全委员会开会。

文在寅的发言人说，韩国军队出动四架战斗机，向一个军事场地的打击目标投放炸弹，展示军力。

朝鲜发射导弹的消息传来后，亚洲市场早上美元对日元的汇率降至四个月以来的最低点。

星期二发射导弹的的三天前，朝鲜向朝鲜半岛和日本之间的海域发生了三枚短程导弹，作为对美韩开始联合军事演习的回应。

North Korea Fires Missile Over Japan, Triggering Alarm

North Korea fired a missile that flew over Japan early Tuesday morning, prompting fresh concern in Tokyo and Seoul.

The missile, passing high above Japan about 10 minutes after launch, split into three pieces and splashed into the Pacific Ocean, east of the northern main Japanese island of Hokkaido, according to Japan’s government.

The trajectory triggered satellite-activated emergency alarms to the Japanese public, warning people in the Tohoku region to take cover because of a possible impact from a North Korean missile.

The missile was launched (at 20:57 UTC Monday/05:57 in Seoul and Tokyo on Tuesday) from Sunan, near Pyongyang’s international airport, flying more than 2,700 kilometers at a maximum altitude of around 550 kilometers, according to the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Japanese authorities say their anti-missile batteries made no attempt to shoot down the projectile.

The North Korean launch "did not pose a threat to North America," said U.S. Army Colonel Robert Manning, a spokesman at the Pentagon.

An official at the U.S. National Security Council told VOA that authorities in Washington were awaiting specific information from the U.S. Pacific Command about the type of North Korean missile that was fired.

Authorities in Japan sounded an alert for the northern part of the country as soon as the launch was detected, but no rocket fragments were known to hit the ground.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who immediately called an emergency meeting, said as he entered his office: "We will make utmost efforts to firmly protect the lives of the people."

Japan’s chief government spokesman, Yoshihide Suga, said the incident was a "serious, grave security threat" to Japan.

Suga declared the launch was a clear violation of United Nations resolutions, and said Japan will work closely with the United States, South Korea and other concerned nations on a response.

Japan, the United States and South Korea have called for an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the situation.

South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in, also quickly convened a morning meeting of his national security council, as has become the norm following such launches from the North.

Moon's spokesman Park Su-hyun said the country's military also put on a show of force with four fighter jets dropping bombs on targets at a military field.

The U.S. dollar fell to a four-month low against the Japanese yen in early Tuesday morning currency trading in Asia in response to the North Korean missile launch.

Three days before Tuesday's launch, Pyongyang fired three short-range missiles into the sea between the Korean Peninsula and Japan, as U.S. and South Korean military forces were beginning scheduled joint military exercises.