川普政府考虑对中国采取贸易行动

川普政府正在考虑是否要采取可能导致美国对中国进口商品施加关税等贸易限制的行动。

据美国媒体报道，川普总统将指示美国贸易代表罗伯特·莱特希泽根据1974年贸易法的301条款对中国的贸易行为展开调查。301条款的目的是保护美国产业不受外国不公平贸易行为的伤害。

美国政府官员说，正式消息几天内可能就会宣布。

川普总统和他的经济团队一直指责中国倾销钢材和窃取知识产权等贸易行为都对美国商业造成了伤害。美国商务部长威尔伯·罗斯星期二在华尔街日报上发表评论文章，指责中国和欧洲通过“补助金、低息贷款、能源补贴和特别增值税退款”等手段补贴出口。

尽管如此，川普政府任期头六个月还是强调与北京的合作。然而，上个月的美中双边贸易会谈没能达成协议，而且川普政府觉得，中国显然是不愿对朝鲜施加压力，以控制朝鲜的核武器和弹道导弹项目，这种情况也让川普政府越来越感到气馁。

Trump Administration Planning Trade Action Against China

The Trump administration is considering whether to initiate an action that could lead to the United States imposing tariffs and other trade restrictions on Chinese imports.

U.S. news outlets say President Donald Trump will direct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to begin an investigation of China's trade practices under a section of the 1974 Trade Act. The section is aimed at protecting U.S. industries from unfair trade practices of foreign countries.

Administration officials say a formal announcement could be made within the next several days.

President Trump and members of his economic team have long accused China of engaging in trade practices that have harmed American businesses, from excess steel imports to theft of intellectual properties. In an opinion piece published Tuesday in the Wall Street Journal, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross accused China, as well as Europe, of subsidizing their exports through such means as "grants, low-cost loans, energy subsidies, special value-added tax refunds" and other means.

Despite its complaints, the Trump administration had emphasized cooperation with Beijing during its first six months in office. But bilateral trade talks last month failed to end with an agreement, and the administration has become increasingly frustrated with China's apparent reluctance to pressure North Korea to curb its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.

抵美难民人数跌至10年最低点

美国联邦最高法院的裁决在很大程度上支持了川普政府控制难民进入美国的努力，7月份来到美国的难民大幅下跌，是超过10年以来人数最少的一个月。

美国国务院的数据显示，截止到星期一下午，7月份抵达美国的难民人数为1224人，是2007财政年度以来的最低水平。

美国联邦最高法院此前裁决，目前只有跟美国居民存在紧密亲属关系的难民才能进入美国，从而造成了最近几周抵美难民人数的锐减。

被问到7月份难民人数大幅减少的问题时，国务院发言人表示，联邦最高法院7月19日裁决，“真实的”关系只适用于亲属，不适用于那些在美国安置难民的机构，从而有效阻止了那些在美国没有亲人的难民进入美国。

7月份难民人数大幅减少也跟美国接收难民已达到川普总统规定的人数上限有关。川普从今年1月就一直坚持，2016年10月1号开始的财政年度只接收5万难民，这一上限比川普前任奥巴马总统规定的11万人显著减少。美国接收5万难民的上限7月12日已经满额。

如果现行政策不变，超过这一上限后，只有那些能够证明跟美国居民有“真实”亲属关系的人才能以难民身份进入美国。

Refugee Arrivals to US Plummet to Lowest Level in a Decade

The number of refugees coming to the United States dipped sharply in July, dropping to the lowest level of monthly arrivals in more than a decade, amid temporary Supreme Court orders that largely supported the government’s efforts to curb the number of displaced people allowed into the country.

By Monday afternoon, 1,224 refugees had arrived according to U.S. State Department data -- less than any other month since the 2007 fiscal year.

The number plummeted in recent weeks after the Supreme Court court determined that only refugees with close family ties to the United States will be allowed in for now.

Asked about the sharp drop in July, a State Department spokesperson referred to the July 19 order by the Supreme Court that determined the “bona fide” relationship applied to relatives, and not to the agencies that resettle refugees in the U.S. -- a decision that blocks those refugees without family already here from traveling.

The sharp decline in July also comes as the U.S. reached a reduced limit for total arrivals set by President Donald Trump. That ceiling of 50,000 refugees for the fiscal year, which began Oct. 1, 2016, was reached July 12. Trump has insisted on that limit since January; it is a significant reduction over the Obama-set ceiling of 110,000.

As it stands, refugees will only continue to be resettled past that limit if they can prove they have "bona fide" immediate family members already in the United States.