法国总统候选人辩论火爆

法国总统大选候选人玛丽娜·勒庞和伊曼纽尔·马克龙，星期三在历时两个小时的电视直播辩论中激烈交锋。几天后他们将在总统决选中一争高下。

勒庞把对手描绘成一个残酷无情的资本家，对恐怖主义软弱无力，马克龙则把对手称为骗子和危险的极端主义者。

勒庞在开场白中，称前经济部长马克龙是“残暴的全球化的候选人”。马克龙则称曾经被迫把自己极右翼的父亲赶出自己所在的国民阵线党的勒庞，是法国极右派的传人。

法国的高失业率也是辩论的重点话题。马克龙要求简化政府针对中小企业的管理规章，而勒庞则承诺要对那些外包工作机会的公司生产的产品征税。

民调的平均数值显示，马克龙以百分之60支持率领先勒庞百分之40的支持率。自从4月23日举行第一轮投票后，马克龙的领先优势已经缩减了大约3个百分点。

French Presidential Candidates Trade Scathing Critiques in Debate

French presidential candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron faced off in a scathing two hours of televised debate Wednesday, just days before they face each other in a runoff election.

Le Pen portrayed her opponent as a heartless capitalist who is weak on terrorism, while Macron called his opponent a liar and a dangerous extremist.

Le Pen in her opening statement called the former economy minister Macron "the candidate of savage globalization." Macron called Le Pen, who once was forced to kick her extreme-right father out of their National Front political party, the heir to France's far-right faction.

The country's high unemployment rate was on the agenda. Macron called for simplified government regulations and small and medium-sized businesses, while Le Pen promised to tax the products of companies that outsource jobs.

An opinion polling average shows Macron with a 60 percent to 40 percent lead over Le Pen, though that lead has shrunk by about three percentage points since the first round of voting on April 23.
美国众议院批准政府预算案

美国众议院已经批准了维持政府运转到今年9月底的预算法案，这项法案没有为川普总统竞选期间承诺的修建美墨边境隔离墙提供资金。

这项总额1万1千6百亿美元的开支法案得到两党的支持，最终以309对118票的投票结果获得批准。该法案现在将送交美国参议院，参议院预计将在本周晚些时候批准这项法案，然后送交川普总统签署成为法律。

这项开支法案批准了至本财年结束前，也就是9月30日前的联邦开支，避免了一场短期危机。但是法案必须在本周五前得到总统签署，这样才能避免政府停摆。

川普总统今后五个月的很多开支计划和政策优先事项都未能赢得国会批准，他星期二表示，政府“今年9月需要好好停摆一次”。届时国会将就2018财年的开支计划进行辩论。

US House Passes Budget

The U.S. House of Representatives has passed a budget bill to fund the government through September -- one without funding for the border wall President Donald Trump's promised during his campaign.

The $1.16 trillion spending bill passed with bipartisan support, 309 to 118. The bill now goes to the U.S. Senate, which is expected to approve it later this week before Trump signs it into law.

The spending bill averts a short-term crisis by authorizing federal spending through the end of the fiscal year, which is September 30. But it must be signed by the president by Friday to avoid a government shutdown.

Trump, after failing to win congressional approval for many of his spending and policy priorities for the next five months, said Tuesday the government "needs a good 'shutdown' in September" when lawmakers will be debating the 2018 funding plan.