加泰罗尼亚独立诉求面临越来越大的压力

西班牙加泰罗尼亚的领导人星期二将在地区议会讲话。与此同时，马德里的西班牙政府担心，加泰罗尼亚的代表会投票通过单方独立。

加泰罗尼亚自治政府主席普伊格蒙特没有透露他星期二的讲话内容。

西班牙以及其他国家的政界人士星期一呼吁加泰罗尼亚领导人做出退让，以缓解西班牙国内日趋紧张的政治局势。

巴塞罗那市长柯洛是最新站出来反对加泰罗尼亚独立的政界领袖。她说，这将置“社会和谐”于危险之中。柯洛呼吁所有各方缓解紧张局势，解决这个“自从西班牙恢复民主制度以来最严重的体制危机”。

西班牙主要反对党社会党的领袖桑切斯也呼吁加泰罗尼亚领导人放弃宣布独立的计划。他说，在一个法制国家，没有单方宣布独立这种做法的位置。

德国和法国星期一表示反对加泰罗尼亚独立。德国总理默克尔的发言人说，默克尔坚决支持西班牙的统一，同时鼓励开展对话。

法国说，如果加泰罗尼亚宣布独立，将不予以承认。法国欧盟事务部长卢瓦索说，必须通过在西班牙所有政治层面展开对话来化解危机。

Catalan Leaders Face Growing Pressure Over Independence Threat

The leader of Spain's Catalonia region is due to address members of the regional parliament Tuesday, while the government in Madrid worries Catalan representatives will vote for a unilateral declaration of independence.

Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont did not reveal ahead of time what his message would be Tuesday.

Political leaders, both domestically and internationally, urged Catalan leaders on Monday to back down to ease growing tensions in the country.

Barcelona's mayor was the latest to speak out against a declaration of independence, saying it would put "social cohesion" at risk. Ada Colau called on all sides to de-escalate tensions to solve "the most severe institutional crisis since the re-establishment of democracy in Spain."

The head of Spain's main opposition party, Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez, also called for Catalan leaders to drop an attempt to declare independence, saying "a universal declaration of independence doesn't have a place in a state ruled by law."

Germany and France also weighed in Monday against a split. German Chancellor Angela Merkel "affirmed her backing for the unity of Spain," but also encouraged dialogue, according to her spokesman.

France said it would not recognize Catalonia if the region declared independence. "This crisis needs to be resolved through dialogue at all levels of Spanish politics," France's European Affairs minister, Nathalie Loiseau, said.

加州野火造成至少10人丧生

美国西部加利福尼亚州的救火人员正努力扑灭十几个地方的野火。野火已造成至少10人丧生，成千上万人逃离家园。

加州消防官员星期一估计，野火摧毁了至少1500所住宅和商业建筑。当地医院说，有100多人前来治疗，其中大部分人是因为吸入了浓烟。预计死伤人数还会上升。

起火原因目前还不得而知。每年这个季节加州经常发生野火，大火借助风势能够迅速扩散。

加利福尼亚州的州长布朗宣布纳帕、索诺马和尤巴三个郡进入紧急状态。这三个郡盛产葡萄酒。

布朗州长在新闻发布会上说：“情况十分严峻，野火迅速蔓延。”

两万人已经撤离，其中包括医院的数百人。

California Wildfires Kill At Least 10

Firefighters in the western U.S. state of California are battling more than a dozen wildfires that have killed at least 10 people and sent thousands fleeing their homes.

State fire officials estimated Monday the fires had burned 1,500 homes and businesses, while hospitals said more than 100 people had sought treatment, mostly for smoke inhalation. The number of casualties is expected to rise.

The cause of the fires is not yet clear, but wildfires are common in California during this time of year and the flames can spread quickly across dry landscapes with the help of strong winds.

California Governor Jerry Brown has declared a state of emergency in Napa, Sonoma and Yuba counties, which are home to many of the state's popular wineries.

"This is really serious; it's moving fast," Brown said at a news conference.

Twenty thousand people have been evacuated, including hundreds from area hospitals.