研究报告：污染是世界第一大杀手

一项新的研究显示，污染是现在世界上的第一大杀手，比战争、恐怖主义、自然灾害、吸烟和疾病都造成更多的早死。

在医学杂志“柳叶刀”上发表的新研究说，室内以及室外的污染在2015年造成大约900万人死亡，占所有死亡的大约六分之一。

新研究的共同作者桑迪尔亚说：“污染威胁基本人权，包括生命权、健康、幸福、安全工作以及对儿童和最弱势群体的保护。”

研究说，绝大部分污染造成的死亡发生在发展中国家。发展中国家的领导人更关心发展经济和基础设施建设，而不是对环境的监管。

孟加拉国、中国、海地、印度、巴基斯坦、朝鲜和南苏丹是一些受污染影响最严重的国家。

不过，作者之一福勒也指出，无论是富国还是穷国，污染都与经济发展缓慢相关。他说：“各国的财政部长往往会觉得，只能让产业污染环境，否则没有经济发展。但是大家没有意识到，病人和死人不能为经济发展做贡献。必须照顾好人。”

研究说，900万早死人口的数字是保守的估计，实际数字可能要高得多。

世界银行的一份报告说，治理污染必须作为当务之急。报告说，解决污染问题会有助于解决全球变暖和营养不良等其它危机。

Study: Pollution is the World's No. 1 Killer

Pollution is the world's No. 1 killer, a new study says, causing more premature deaths than war, terrorism, natural disasters, cigarettes and disease.

A new study in the medical journal Lancet said pollution -- both outdoor and indoor -- killed about 9 million people in 2015, or one out of every six deaths.

"Pollution threatens fundamental human rights, such as the right to life, health, well-being, safe work as well as protections of children and the most vulnerable," co-author Karti Sandilya said.

The study said the overwhelming majority of pollution-related deaths come in developing countries where the authors say leaders are more concerned about building their economies and infrastructure than environmental regulations.

Bangladesh, China, Haiti, India, Pakistan, North Korea and South Sudan are some of the most affected countries.

But one of the study's authors, Richard Fuller, said pollution is tied to slow economic development in wealthy and poor nations.

"There is this myth that finance ministers still live by, that you have to let industry pollute or else you won’t develop. What people don't realize ... people who are sick or dead cannot contribute to the economy. They need to be looked after," Fuller said.

The study said the figure of 9 million premature deaths a year is a conservative estimate and that the actual number is likely to be much higher.

A separate World Bank study has said slashing pollution must be a priority, saying solving this problem would lead to solutions to other crises, including global warming and malnutrition.

川普总统庆祝印度排灯节

美国总统川普在白宫的椭圆形办公室举办了一个点灯仪式，庆祝印度的排灯节。

川普政府中的印度裔官员，包括驻联合国代表黑利，星期二参加了川普总统举办的活动，听他宣读一项正式声明，观看他点燃一盏油灯。

川普总统在声明中说：“我们格外铭记印度这个印度教发源地的人民。他们建立了世界上最大的民主国家。”

川普总统对在场以及其他地方的印度裔美国人说：“你们对艺术、科学、医药、商业和教育做出了杰出的贡献。”

川普说：“美国特别要感谢那些勇敢地在军中服役或在我们伟大的国家各地担任急救人员的印度裔美国公民。”

川普总统在庆祝排灯节的时候说：“我们强调，印度裔美国人是我们美国大家庭中广受珍视和爱戴的成员。”

彭斯副总统在推特上祝贺排灯节。他说：“愿我们所有人享受和平、繁荣以及光明战胜黑暗的胜利。”

小布什总统最先开始在白宫庆祝排灯节。奥巴马总统最先在白宫的庆祝活动上点亮油灯。

印度排灯节在每年靠近年末的时候，庆祝光明战胜黑暗，善良战胜邪恶。家人和友人欢聚一堂，点灯、宴席、购物。在印度一些地方，排灯节被视为印度教新年的开始。

Trump Celebrates Diwali, Hindu Festival of Lights

U.S. President Donald Trump has celebrated the Hindu holiday of Diwali, known as the festival of lights, in a lamp-lighting ceremony in the Oval Office.

Indian-American members of the Trump administration, including U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, gathered with the president Tuesday to hear him read an official statement and observe as he lit the ceremonial oil lamp.

In his statement, Trump said, "We especially remember the people of India, the home of the Hindu faith, who have built the world's largest democracy."

Speaking to Indian-Americans in the room and elsewhere, Trump said, "You have made extraordinary contributions to art, science, medicine, business and education."

He continued, "America is especially thankful for its many Indian-American citizens who serve bravely in our armed forces and as first responders in communities throughout our great land."

In celebrating the holiday, Trump said, "We reaffirm that Indian-Americans are truly cherished, treasured and beloved members of our great American family.

Vice President Mike Pence also tweeted a Diwali greeting, saying, "May we all strive for peace, prosperity, and the triumph of light over darkness."

Celebration of Diwali was started in the White House by President George W. Bush. President Barack Obama was the first president to light the diya at the White House celebration.

Diwali is held late in the year as a celebration of light over darkness and good over evil. Families and friends come together to celebrate with lamp-lighting, feasting, and holiday shopping. In some parts of India, it is considered the start of a new Hindu year.