韩国提请对前总统朴槿惠颁发逮捕令

韩国检察官决定提请法庭颁发对被罢黜的朴槿惠总统的逮捕令，朴槿惠因腐败丑闻被免职。据韩联社报道，检察官是星期一提请颁发逮捕令的。

朴槿惠遭到议会弹劾后，韩国宪法法庭本月早些时候免去了她的总统职务。之前，她被指控与长年密友崔顺实相互勾结，对一些公司进行勒索，迫使他们为换取优惠向来路不明的基金会捐款近7千万美元。

检方在声明中说：“鉴于她（朴槿惠）的同谋崔顺实以及听命于她的那些政府官员和给予回扣的人员都被拘押，不提请颁发她的逮捕令有失公允。”

朴槿惠否认自己有任何不法行为。

检方声明说，已经搜集到“大量证据”，但是由于嫌疑人否认其中大多数刑事指控，有可能她已将证据销毁。

朴槿惠下台后，韩国将在5月9日投票选举新总统。

South Korea Seeks Arrest Warrant for Former President Park

South Korean prosecutors have decided to ask for an arrest warrant for ousted President Park Geun-hye in the corruption scandal that has forced her from office. Yonhap news agency reported that prosecutors requested the warrant Monday.

South Korea's Constitutional Court dismissed Park from office earlier this month following her impeachment by lawmakers over allegations she colluded with longtime friend Choi Soon-sil to extort companies to donate nearly $70 million to dubious foundations in exchange for favorable treatment.

The prosecution said in a statement, "It would be unfair not to seek a warrant considering that her accomplice Choi Soon-sil, as well as those government officials who followed her direction and the ones who gave kickbacks have all been detained."

Park has denied any wrongdoing.

The prosecution statement says a "lot of evidence" has been gathered," but as the suspect denies most of the criminal allegations, there is a possibility of her destroying evidence."

With Park out of office, South Korea will vote for a new president on May 9.

叙俄战机猛击反叛目标，导致数十人死伤

叙利亚政府的战机和俄罗斯盟军周六对叙利亚各地的反叛武装目标进行猛击，打死几十人，包括西北部伊德利卜市反叛武装控制下的女子监狱的犯人。

有关夜间的监狱袭击细节星期六不甚明朗。但是叙利亚人权了望台的监督员说，死者包括16名监狱犯人和工作人员。该机构说，一些被押犯空袭后因试图逃跑被狱警打死。

此外，监督人员说，政府军把大马士革以东反叛武装的阵地作为攻击目标，那里至少有16人被打死，哈莫里亚镇另有50人受伤。

一些人形容这是几周来政府进行的最猛烈的一次攻势。几天前，试图推翻阿萨德总统政府的反叛武装通过挖通隧道进入首都，对大马士革进行了突袭。

最近几天，北部同时发生了针对哈马省的多起袭击。自星期一以来，那里的反叛分子夺取了大约10几个城镇和村庄。叙利亚人权了望台说，到上周三的时候，反叛武装已经进发到该市郊外政府空军基地几公里之内的地方。

但是，监督员周六说，政府猛烈的火箭炮火迫使反叛分子从他们的一些前方阵地撤离。

Syrian, Russian Warplanes Pound Rebel Targets, Scores Killed, Wounded

Warplanes of the Syrian government and its Russian allies pounded rebel targets across the country on Saturday, killing scores of people, including inmates at a rebel-held women's prison in the northwestern city of Idlib.

Details of the overnight prison strike remained sketchy Saturday. But monitors from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the prison dead included 16 prisoners and prison staff. The Observatory said some of the detainees were killed by prison guards as they attempted to flee after the airstrikes.

Separately, monitors said government forces targeted rebel positions east of Damascus, where at least 16 people were killed and 50 others wounded in the town of Hamoria.

The government offensive, described as some of the heaviest fighting in weeks, comes days after rebels seeking to topple the government of President Bashar al-Assad launched a surprise assault on Damascus by burrowing into the capital through tunnels.

Concurrent attacks in recent days to the north targeted Hama province, where insurgents have seized about a dozen towns and villages since Monday. The Observatory said rebels had advanced by Wednesday to within several kilometers of a government airbase outside the city.

But monitors reported Saturday that heavy government rocket fire had forced rebels to withdraw from some of their forward positions.