伦敦袭击后英国领导人态度坚定

英国首相特蕾莎·梅在伦敦的英国议会附近发生袭击后态度坚定，鼓励人们星期四像往常一样活动。这次袭击造成4人死亡，大约40人受伤。

梅首相说，“他们会搭上火车，会离开他们的酒店，会走过这些街道，会过着他们的生活，我们都会一起前进，永远不要被恐怖吓倒，永远不要让仇恨的声音来驱使我们。”

梅补充说，议会议员们星期四将照常举行会议。

不过，随着警方继续调查从星期三在威斯敏斯特大桥上开车撞人开始的袭击事件，伦敦增加了武装和非武装的警力，加强安全戒备。

伦敦大都会警察局的反恐工作负责人马克·罗利表示，当局相信他们已经确认袭击者的身份，但尚未发布这一信息。

罗利对记者说：“我们有数以百计的调查人员调查此案，他们的重点是嫌疑人的动机、准备工作和他的同伙。”

他说，有关当局的工作是基于这次袭击是一次“与伊斯兰分子有关的恐怖行动”。

罗利确认，48岁的保安人员基思·帕尔默在袭击事件中遇难。他家有妻小，在英国执法机构供职15年。

英国首相梅周三早些时候在电视上对公众发表了讲话，称这次袭击是“病态和邪恶”的。

梅首相说，任何企图通过暴力和恐怖恐吓英国人的企图都注定要失败。

British Leaders Resolute After Attack

British Prime Minister Theresa May struck a defiant tone after an attacker killed four people and injured about 40 others near Britain's Parliament in London, saying people should go about their business as usual Thursday.

"They will board their trains, they will leave their hotels, they will walk these streets, they will live their lives and we will all move forward together, never giving in to terror and never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart," May said.

The prime minister added that lawmakers would hold their normal meeting Thursday.

But London is under extra security with a boost in both armed and unarmed officers as police continue to investigate the attack that began Wednesday with a car running into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.

Mark Rowley, head of counterterrorism efforts for London's Metropolitan Police Service, said authorities believe they know the attacker's identity, but are not yet releasing that information.

"We have hundreds of officers on this investigation and they are focusing on the suspect's motivation, preparation and his associates," Rowley told reporters.

He said authorities are working on the assumption that the attack was an act of "Islamist-related terrorism."

Rowley also identified the security officer who died in the attack as 48-year-old Keith Palmer, a husband and father who had served in British law enforcement for 15 years.

Prime Minister May addressed the public on television, calling the attack "sick and depraved."

May said any attempt to intimidate the British people through violence and terror is doomed to failure.

最新变化威胁国会的俄罗斯调查

美国情报机构通常隐蔽的内部运作信息被非同寻常地公之于众，这很快令人怀疑国会是否有能力调查有关俄罗斯介入2016年美国大选的指称。

众议院情报委员会主席德温·努涅斯对记者说，“我读到的文件令我不安，我认为也会令总统和他的团队不安。” 在这之前，努内斯罕见地亲自向川普作了通报。

努内斯在白宫外说：“川普总统自己和他的过渡团队中的其他人显然都是情报报告的对象。”他说，“其中有些似乎不妥。”

在努内斯公布这一消息的两天前，美国联盟调查局局长詹姆斯·科米确认，有关官员正在调查川普竞选活动与俄罗斯的可能联系。科米否认了川普在推特上提出遭到窃听的指称。

川普总统星期三被问及努涅斯的言论时表示，他感到自己被证明是对的。
川普说，“我很感谢他们发现了他们发现的事实。”

努涅斯说，他只看到了数十份据称以川普总统和他的团队成员为目标的情报报告中的一部分。他强调，这些报告“与俄罗斯无关，与针对俄罗斯的调查毫无关系”。

努涅斯公开的消息也可能给川普支持者们所称的“暗势力”的说法增加了可信度，也就是忠于前总统奥巴马的政府官员们积极地试图破坏川普领导下的白宫。

Latest Twists, Turns Threaten to Bog Down Congress’ Russia Investigation

An extraordinary public airing of the usually hidden, inner-workings of the U.S. intelligence community is rapidly casting doubt on the ability of lawmakers to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.

“What I’ve read bothers me and I think it should bother the president himself and his team,” House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes told reporters after taking the unusual step of briefing the president personally.

“The president himself and others in the Trump transition team were clearly put into intelligence reports,” Nunes said outside the White House. “Some of it seems to be inappropriate.”

The revelations by Nunes come just two days after FBI Director James Comey confirmed officials are investigating the Trump campaign’s possible connections with Russia. But Comey rejected Trump’s Twitter claims of wiretapping.

Asked about Nunes’ comments, Trump said Wednesday he felt vindicated.

"I must tell you that I somewhat do,” the president said. “I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they found."

Nunes said he had only seen some of the dozens of intelligence reports that allegedly named the president and members of his team. But he emphasized the reports had “nothing to do with Russia and nothing to do with the Russia investigation.”

Nunes’ revelations may also lend more credence to claims by Trump supporters about a so-called “Deep State,” with officials loyal to former President Barack Obama actively trying to undermine the Trump White House.