川普和普京就叙利亚冲突发表联合声明

美国和俄罗斯两国总统发表有关叙利亚问题的联合声明，双方一致认为，“军事手段无法化解冲突”。

川普总统和普京总统在越南参加亚太经合峰会期间就这项声明达成一致。俄罗斯官员说，普京和川普在岘港与参加亚太经合峰会的各国领导人合影之前进行了交谈。

两位总统在声明中再次强调了消灭伊斯兰国组织的紧迫性，同意保持双方军事人员沟通渠道的畅通，以帮助确保美国和俄罗斯军人的安全，并防止与伊斯兰国组织交战的联盟军队遇到危险状况。

川普和普京重申要保障叙利亚的主权、独立和领土完整，并呼吁卷入叙利亚冲突的各方运用日内瓦程序找到解决问题的方案。

公布联合声明的是俄罗斯外交部。俄罗斯外交部说，文件由俄罗斯和美国的专家起草，俄罗斯外交部长拉夫罗夫和美国国务卿蒂勒森负责了协调工作。

Trump, Putin Issue Joint Statement on Syrian Conflict

The presidents of the U.S. and Russia have approved a joint statement on Syria, agreeing that "there is no military solution to the conflict."

Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin approved the statement on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam. Russian officials said Putin and Trump had a conversation before the group photo ceremony for APEC leaders in Danang.

In the statement the two world leaders repeated the urgency of destroying the Islamic State and agreed "to maintain open military channels of communication between military professionals to help ensure the safety of both U.S. and Russian forces," as well as to prevent dangerous incidents involving the forces of allies fighting the Islamic State.

Trump and Putin confirmed their commitment to Syria's sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity and also called on the parties involved in the Syrian conflict to use the Geneva process to find a resolution.

The statement was released by the Russian ministry of foreign affairs, which said the document had been drafted by experts from Russia and the United States and coordinated by Russian Foreign Minster Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.

安理会将讨论委内瑞拉危机

联合国官员说，美国和意大利召集安理会非正式会议，讨论委内瑞拉问题，努力防止委内瑞拉的危机转为安全威胁。

美国驻联合国代表黑利将主持星期一的非正式会议。联合国人权事务专员胡赛因和美洲国家组织秘书长阿尔马格罗将在会议上发言。

委内瑞拉目前可能无法偿还其债务。星期五，委内瑞拉的一个债权人委员会决定推迟到下星期正式决定委内瑞拉国营石油公司PDVSA是否债务违约。

联合国的通告说，委内瑞拉经济继续崩溃，看来还会进一步恶化，尤其是还面临债务违约的风险。

通告还说，6个月以来，50多万委内瑞拉人因为政治动乱，恶性通货膨胀以及食物和药物短缺而逃到国外。

UN Security Council to Discuss Venezuela Crisis

U.N. officials say the United States and Italy have organized an informal U.N. Security Council meeting on Venezuela, aimed at preventing the crisis in that country from turning into a security threat.

U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley will chair the informal meeting on Monday, which will include addresses from U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al Hussein and Organization of American States Secretary-General Luis Almagro.

The meeting comes as Venezuela faces the possibility of defaulting on its debt. On Friday, a committee of Venezuelan creditors postponed until next week a decision on whether state oil company PDVSA has officially defaulted on its debt payments.

“As the Venezuelan economy continues to crumble, the situation will likely only worsen, especially as the country is at risk of defaulting on its debt,” the U.N. note said.

The statement also said that over the past six months, more than 500,000 Venezuelans have fled political turmoil in the country, as well as fleeing soaring inflation and widespread shortages of food and medicine.