前联合国秘书长潘基文不会竞选韩国总统

联合国前秘书长潘基文周三表示，他不会竞选韩国总统。

自去年12月韩国总统朴槿惠因腐败丑闻遭议会弹劾后，潘基文已经成为人们感兴趣的首选总统候选人，但他在民意调查中的支持率一直在下降。

潘基文星期三对记者说，他对韩国的政治机构感到失望。他说，“我已经决定放弃试图领导政治变革和实现民族和解的单纯想法。”

潘基文在担任10年联合国秘书长之前，曾任两年韩国外交部长。

目前朴槿惠的弹劾案正在法庭审阅，如果弹劾决定不变的话，两个月后将举行替任总统的选举。

Former UN Chief Ban Not Running for South Korea President

Former United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Wednesday he will not run for president of South Korea.

Ban had generated interest as a top candidate to succeed Park Geun-hye, who was impeached in December over a corruption scandal, but his support in opinion polls has been falling.

He told reporters Wednesday he was disappointed by the country's political establishment. "I have decided to give up the pure intention of trying to lead political change and accomplish national reconciliation," he said.

Ban served for two years as South Korea's foreign minister before leading the U.N. for a decade.

A court is considering Park's impeachment, and if it upholds the decision, then a presidential election for her replacement would come two months later.

.

美国参议院批准赵小兰任美国运输部长

美国前劳工部长赵小兰星期二宣誓就任美国运输部长，负责空运，车辆，火车和输油管道的安全。赵小兰曾任劳工部长和运输部副部长，美国国会参议院以93票支持6票反对的结果批准了她的提名几小时后，赵小兰宣誓就职。

赵小兰将在川普总统新建和重振美国基础设施的计划中发挥重大作用。

美国运输部年度预算750亿美元，有大约6万名雇员，负责空管的联邦航空管理局也属于运输部。

赵小兰的丈夫是现任参议院多数党领袖米奇·麦康奈尔，她本人是第一位担任部长级官员的亚裔女性。

在本月举行的提名听证会上，赵小兰在一些重要问题上没有表明立场，包括空管是否应该私有化，原油通过铁路运输的安全隐患，外国航空公司进军美国市场的努力，以及对正在开发的新技术的管理。

US Senate Approves Chao to Lead Transportation Department

Elaine Chao, a former top U.S. labor official, was sworn in on Tuesday to lead the U.S. Transportation Department, which overseas aviation, vehicle, train and pipeline safety. Chao, a former U.S. labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary, took office hours after the U.S. Senate voted 93 to 6 to confirm her.

She will be a key player in President Donald Trump's Cabinet if his administration pushes ahead with a major infrastructure spending program.

The Transportation Department has a $75 billion annual budget and about 60,000 employees. It includes the Federal Aviation Administration, which handles air traffic control.

Chao is the wife of Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position.

At her confirmation hearing this month, Chao declined to take positions on a number of issues, including whether air traffic control jobs should be privatized, concerns over the safety of shipments of crude oil by rail, foreign airlines' push to move into the U.S. market and regulation of developing technologies.