伊朗以制裁回应美国对伊新制裁

伊朗星期四宣布，计划对9个美国个人和公司实施制裁，以此回应所称美国做出的“不可接受和非法”的决定。美国决定实施与伊朗弹道导弹项目相关的新制裁。

伊朗外交部一份声明说，那些被制裁的美国个人和公司，通过直接或者间接与以色列政府在巴勒斯坦领土上的犯罪行为有关，或者支持恐怖分子，侵犯了人权。

美国财政部星期三宣布对两名伊朗国防官员、一家伊朗公司和一家设在中国的网络的成员。美国财政部长姆努钦说，“这些制裁针对伊朗官员和一个设在中国的网络，他们向叙利亚提供支持，并为推进伊朗的弹道武器项目提供物资。美国对涉及伊朗事务保持警惕。”

美国负责中东事务的高级外交官斯图尔特·琼斯表示，伊朗的导弹项目违反了联合国安理会的决议。

Iran Responds to New US Sanctions With More of Its Own

Iran announced Thursday plans to sanction nine U.S. individuals and companies in response to what it called an "unacceptable, illegal" decision by the United States to impose new sanctions in connection with Iran's ballistic missile program.

An Iranian Foreign Ministry statement said those sanctioned violated human rights through direct or indirect links to Israeli government crimes in Palestinian territories or by supporting terrorists. It said their names would be announced later.

The U.S. Treasury announced the new sanctions Wednesday on two Iranian defense officials, an Iranian company and members of a China-based network. "These sanctions target Iranian officials as well as a China-based network that are providing support to Syria and supplying items to further Iran's ballistic weapons program," said Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin. "The United States will remain vigilant when it comes to Iran."

The top U.S. diplomat for the Middle East, Stuart Jones, said Iran's missile program is in breach of U.N. Security Council resolutions.
巴西总统否认支持行贿

巴西总统特梅尔否认一家报纸所报道的，他在一项行贿调查中支持向一名入狱的国会议员支付封口费。

巴西《环球报》星期三发表的报道是基于巴西商人若埃斯利·巴蒂斯塔今年３月录下的与特梅尔交谈时的录音。

这篇报道说，当时巴蒂斯塔告诉总统说，他将向入狱的前众议院议长库尼亚支付封口费，让他保持沉默。特梅尔回应道，“你一定要继续那样做，知道吗？”

来自特梅尔总统办公室的一份声明证实，总统曾经会晤巴蒂斯塔，但是表示他从来没有索求支付封口费。

库尼亚去年领导了废黜前总统罗塞夫的弹劾案，并使得特梅尔上台。

库尼亚后来因为挪用公款的腐败丑闻而被判15年徒刑，他曾表示他可能供出其他人。

星期三的报道引发一些要求特梅尔总统辞职的呼声，以及在圣保罗的抗议活动。

Brazilian President Denies Endorsing Bribery

Brazilian President Michel Temer has denied a newspaper report that said he endorsed paying a jailed former congressman to remain silent in a bribery investigation.

The O Globo newspaper published a story Wednesday it said was based on a secret recording made during a meeting between Michel Temer and businessman Joesley Batista.

The report said that when Batista told the president he was paying former Speaker of the House Eduardo Cunha to keep quiet, Temer responded, "You have to keep that up, all right?"

A statement from Temer's office confirmed that he met with Batista, but said he never solicited payments.

Cunha led the impeachment fight that ousted former President Dilma Rousseff last year and brought Temer to power.

Cunha was later imprisoned on a 15-year sentence for corruption in an embezzlement scandal involving the state-owned Petrobras oil company, and has indicated he could implicate others.

Wednesday's report brought some calls for Temer's resignation as well as protests in Sao Paolo.