津巴布韦等待新总统

津巴布韦长期担任总统的穆加贝辞职后，最快可能星期三就会有一位新总统。

执政的非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线的高层官员说，前副总统姆南加古瓦可能星期三或星期四宣誓就任总统。姆南加古瓦被穆加贝解除职务后11月6号突然逃出国。据信他星期三回国。

津巴布韦议会议长宣读了穆加贝星期二提交的辞职信。消息传出，首都哈拉雷街头汽车笛声阵阵，人们欢呼雀跃。

议员们启动弹劾程序后不久，议长穆登达宣读了穆加贝的辞职信。

这封信的部分内容说：“我，罗伯特·穆加贝，依据津巴布韦宪法第96条，正式提请辞职，立即生效。”

穆加贝本人或总统办公室没有证实这封信，但也没有否认。

津巴布韦1980年从英国独立以来，穆加贝就一直统治着津巴布韦。他今年93岁。

Zimbabwe Awaits New President

Zimbabwe could have a new president as early as Wednesday following the resignation of longtime leader Robert Mugabe.

Top officials in the ruling ZANU-PF party said former Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa will be sworn in either Wednesday or Thursday. Mnangagwa abruptly fled the country November 6 after Mugabe fired him, but he was expected to return Wednesday.

Car horns blared as people danced, cheered and waved in the capital, Harare, to celebrate the news of Mugabe's departure, which he announced Tuesday in a letter read out by the speaker of parliament.

Speaker Jacob Mudenda read out the resignation letter soon after lawmakers began proceedings to impeach Mugabe.

The letter said in part, "I, Robert Gabriel Mugabe, in terms of Section 96 of the constitution of Zimbabwe, hereby formally tender my resignation...with immediate effect."

There has been no confirmation of the letter from the president or his office -- but no denial, either.

The 93-year-old Mugabe had ruled Zimbabwe since the country won independence from Britain in 1980.

联合国法庭将宣布对“波斯尼亚屠夫”米拉季奇的判决

联合国法官星期三将在海牙宣布对前波斯尼亚塞族领导人米拉季奇审判后的判决。米拉季奇被指控在1990年代前南斯拉夫冲突中犯有战争罪。

有“波斯尼亚屠夫”之称的米拉季奇是海牙战争罪法庭行战争罪审判的最后一名前波斯尼亚塞族领导人，该法院在1992年至1995年的波斯尼亚战争结束后建立，审理战争犯罪。

米拉季奇从2012年开始受审，被指控了11项种族灭绝罪、战争罪以及反人类罪。米拉季奇被控领导了在塞拉热窝的狙击行动和1995年在斯雷布雷尼察对8000名穆斯林男子和男孩的屠杀。那次屠杀行动是第二次世界大战以来在欧洲发生的最残酷的屠杀。

检控官员要求国际刑事法庭判处米拉季奇终生监禁。

UN Tribunal to Decide Fate of ‘Butcher of Bosnia' Mladic

United Nations judges in The Hague are set to deliver a verdict Wednesday in the trial of former Bosnian Serb army leader Ratko Mladic, who is accused of war crimes stemming from the conflict in the former Yugoslavia during the 1990s.

Mladic, known as the "Butcher of Bosnia," is the last former military leader to face war crimes charges in the court, which was set up to deal with the aftermath of the Bosnian war that raged from 1992 through 1995.

Mladic, who has been on trial since 2012, has been charged with 11 counts of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for his alleged role in leading sniper campaigns in Sarajevo and the 1995 killings of more than 8,000 Muslim men and boys in Srebrenica — the worst massacre in Europe since World War Two.

Prosecutors have asked the International Criminal Tribunal to sentence Mladic to life in prison.