川普首次正式出访以色列

美国总统专机“空军一号”星期一将历史性地从利雅得直飞特拉维夫。

川普总统专机从沙特起飞前的几个小时，还不清楚空军一号是否将被允许不做“技术经停”就直飞以色列。此前星期一早晨飞离沙特的随同总统出访的记者乘坐的包机，就被强制要求进行“技术经停”。

据白宫的消息，美国国务卿蒂勒森定于飞行期间在空军一号上向记者做简报，星期天的时候，在沙特外交大臣朱拜尔的陪同下，蒂勒森国务卿在利雅得与外国记者交谈，但是陪同总统出访的美国记者团在记者会前却没有得到通知，引发不满。

美国总统川普星期一首次对以色列展开正式访问，他希望重启努力，促成以色列和巴勒斯坦人之间长期寻求的和平协议。

川普总统的行程包括与以色列总理内塔尼亚胡和巴勒斯坦权力机构主席阿巴斯举行会晤，并成为首位访问犹太人最神圣圣地—西墙的在任美国总统。

以巴之间最后一次和谈2014年破裂。

Trump Making His First Official Visit to Israel

Air Force One is scheduled to make a historic non-stop flight between Riyadh and Tel Aviv Monday.

It remained unclear hours before takeoff from Saudi Arabia if the president's plane would be permitted to fly to Israel without a "technical stop," as was mandated for the accompanying press charter which departed earlier in the morning.

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is scheduled to brief reporters aboard Air Force One during the flight, according to the White House. This follows a flap on Sunday when he spoke to foreign reporters in Riyadh alongside Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. The U.S. press corps traveling with the president was not notified in advance of the news conference.

President Donald Trump is making his first stop in Israel as a president who wants to revive the effort to achieve a long-sought peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians.

Trump's schedule includes meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, and Trump is due to become the first sitting U.S. president to visit Judaism's holiest site, the Western Wall.

The last peace negotiations broke down in 2014.
国际特赦组织猛批土耳其的镇压行动

设在英国的“国际特赦”组织针对土耳其在去年7月政变后持续进行的镇压行动发表了题为“看不到头”的报告。

这份21页的报告描述了军事政变失败后实施紧急管制而任意遣散10万多名公共领域雇员的做法。“国际特赦”土耳其问题研究员安德鲁·加德纳表示，“人们失去的不仅是工作，而且职业生涯被毁；家庭被毁。这是大批人面临的灾难性局面，而且没有结束的迹象” 。

“国际特赦”组织的报告说，大规模解雇行为涵盖了公共服务领域的所有部门，其中包括军队、警察、教师、医生和学术届，以及各政府部门和地方政府。

这份报告是根据对人权律师、当地非政府组织、工会和一些被解雇者进行采访后完成的。报告称，被解雇的人仅仅得到了“笼统的理由”，并没有针对他们的具体证据。解雇都是总统运用紧急状态权力发布的总统令执行的。

安卡拉方面称，未遂的政变造成史无前例的威胁，因此镇压行动是十分必要的。那次政变造成200多人丧生。

Amnesty slams Turkey’s crackdown

"No End in Sight" is the title of the British-based Amnesty International report into the ongoing crackdown in Turkey, after July's failed coup.

The 21-page report focuses on what it describes as the arbitrary dismissals of more than 100,000 public service workers, since the introduction of emergency rule after a botched military takeover. "People are losing not only their jobs, but also their professional careers are destroyed; their family lives are destroyed; this is a disastrous situation facing a vast number of people," warns Andrew Gardner, Amnesty's Turkey researcher, "and there appears no end in sight."

The Amnesty report says mass firings cover all fields of public service, including the armed forces, police, teachers, doctors and academics, as well as people working across all ministries and local government.


The report was compiled from interviews of human rights lawyers, local NGOs, trade unions and those who've been dismissed. It claims that those fired are provided with only "generalized justification" and no specific evidence against them. All dismissals are done by presidential decrees using emergency powers.

Ankara claims the crackdown is necessary due to the unprecedented threat posed by the coup attempt, in which more than 200 people died.