美国国会共和党税改将增加国债1.7万亿美元

一项独立的分析得出结论说，由国会众议院共和党领导人推动的美国税制改革将在下个10年内，增加美国国债达1万7千亿美元，这比之前的估算多出了2590亿美元。

国会预算办公室的分析星期三公布之际，国会议员们继续考虑一系列旨在把美国公司税从百分之35减为百分之20并且削减许多中产阶级家庭税率的计划。美国对中产阶级家庭的广泛定义是年收入在4万9千美元到8万6千美元之间的家庭。

这个机构被认为是国会财政政策的独立记分员。它的分析可能会使共和党人推动众议院在11月23日感恩节之前通过税改法案的计划复杂化。

共和党议员们曾经保证，下个十年的减税不会让美国目前以及不断增加的20多万亿美元的长期国债增加幅度超过1.5万亿美元。

鉴于国会预算办公室估计税改会花费更多，众议院占多数的共和党人将不得不修改他们的计划，以使额外的税收缺口不超出他们自己设定的1.5万亿美元。

目前的税制改革可能是30多年来美国复杂的税法首次做出的实质性变化。参议院共和党人预计星期四将推出他们的税改计划，参议院的版本可能与众议院的版本大相径庭。

川普总统一直要求进行税改，但是在他签署税改法之前，必须由国会参众两院先批准相同的立法法案。

US House Republicans' Tax Changes Would Add $1.7 Trillion to National Debt

An independent analysis has concluded the U.S. tax overhaul being advanced by Republican leaders in the House of Representatives would add $1.7 trillion to the country's debt during the next decade, about $259 billion more than previously assumed.

The Congressional Budget Office analysis was released Wednesday as lawmakers continue to consider an array of proposals aimed at cutting the country's corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent and trimming tax rates for many, but not all, middle-class families, broadly defined in the United States as those with an annual household income of $49,000 to $86,000.

The new analysis from the agency that is considered to be the independent scorekeeper for congressional financial policies could complicate Republican plans for the House to adopt the tax overhaul before the country's Thanksgiving holiday on November 23.
Republican lawmakers had pledged the tax cuts over the next decade would not add any more than $1.5 trillion to the country's current and growing long-term debt of more than $20 trillion.

With the CBO's estimate the tax changes would cost more, the majority Republicans in the House would have to change their proposals to keep the additional costs within the $1.5 trillion limit they have imposed on themselves.

The tax overhaul could be the country's first substantial changes to its labyrinth tax code in more than three decades. Senate Republicans are expected to unveil their tax change proposals on Thursday, which are likely to be widely different than the House proposals.

President Donald Trump has called for the tax overhaul, but both chambers of Congress would have to approve identical pieces of tax legislation before he could sign the measure.
杜特尔特： 我会告诉川普人权“免谈”

菲律宾总统杜特尔特星期三说，如果美国总统川普本星期晚些时候和他见面的时候提人权问题，他会告诉这位美国领导人“打住”。

杜特尔特起身前往越南参加亚太会议之际对记者说，“你如果想问一个问题，我会给你答复：打住。这不关你的事，这是我的事。我在管理我的国家，会管得好。” 杜特尔特将在越南和川普见面，然后下星期还要在马尼拉会晤。

杜特尔特一直极力为菲律宾的人权记录和禁毒战争辩护。已经有3千9百人在禁毒运动中死亡。警方说， 这些死亡是嫌疑人拒捕时警方自卫造成的。

包括前总统奥巴马的政府在内的批评人士说，这些杀戮属于法外行刑，缺少问责。警方否认这种说法。

杜特尔特因为美国的这些批评而恼怒。去年在川普当选之前，杜特尔特宣称要在军事上和经济上同美国“分道扬镳”。他说，菲律宾以后要和俄罗斯及中国结盟，“对抗全世界”。

不过，杜特尔特后来缓和了对美国的批评，声称他所说的分道扬镳只是“在外交政策上分离”，并不是要减少两国的经济联系。

白宫官员表示，川普可能向杜特尔特提出人权问题。另一方面，美国政府一名高级官员上星期对记者谈到川普亚洲之行的时候说，川普和杜特尔特建立了“友好的关系”。

这位官员说，川普“非常期待同杜特尔特总统的第一次会晤”。

Duterte: He'd Tell Trump to “Lay Off” Human Rights Questions

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said Wednesday that if U.S. President Donald Trump brings up human rights when they meet later this week, he'd tell the American leader to "lay off."

"You want to ask a question, I'll give you an answer. Lay off," Duterte told reporters as he left for an Asia-Pacific conference in Vietnam, where he will see Trump before they also meet again next week in Manila. "That is not your business. That is my business. I take care of my country and I will nurture my country to health."

Duterte has been adamant in defending his country's human rights record and war on drug users, a campaign in which 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what police say is self-defense after armed suspects have resisted arrest.

Critics, including the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama, say the killings have been extrajudicial with no accountability, allegations the police have rejected.

Duterte was infuriated by the criticism from the United States, a long-time ally, and last year, before Trump's election, called for a military and economic "separation" from the U.S. In the future, he said, the Philippines would align with Russia and China "against the world."

Duterte, however, later eased off the criticism of Washington, saying he was only talking about "separation of foreign policy" and not diminished economic links between the two countries.

The White House has said that Trump could raise human rights questions with Duterte; but, a senior administration official briefing reporters last week about Trump's Asia trip said the two leaders had developed "a warm rapport."

The official said Trump is "very much looking forward to his first meeting with President Duterte."