蒂勒森计划缺席北约外长会议引发批评

美国国务卿蒂勒森因决定不参加下月的北约外长会议，但宣布四月底出访俄罗斯而遭受批评。

美国国务院代理发言人特纳星期二在新闻发布会上说，不参加北约会议是因为日程安排有冲突。

路透社星期二报道，蒂勒森将缺席他上任后第一次与28个北约成员国外长的会议，但将参加4月6至7号川普总统在佛罗里达州的马阿拉歌庄园与中国国家主席习近平的会晤。

特纳说，负责政治事务的代理常务国务卿、前代理国务卿香农将代表美国出席北约会议。

在被记者问到蒂勒森国务卿缺席北约会议将向美国密切盟友发出何种信息时，特纳强调说，美国百分之百支持北约。他还是说，蒂勒森国务卿星期三在华盛顿的打击伊斯兰国组织联盟会议上将会见大多数北约成员国代表。

川普总统曾多次说，北约已经“过时”。不过，彭斯副总统上月在布鲁塞尔的记者会上表示，美国坚决支持北约，蒂勒森也表达过同样立场。

Tillerson Under Fire for Plans to Skip NATO Meeting

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has come under fire for a decision not to attend next month's NATO foreign ministers meeting in Brussels, and for an announcement that he will travel to Russia later in April.

At Tuesday's State Department briefing, acting spokesman Mark Toner said the problem is a scheduling conflict.

Rather than have his first meeting of the 28 NATO allies, Tillerson is set to attend President Donald Trump's meeting April 6-7 with Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, Reuters news agency reported.

Toner said Tom Shannon, acting deputy secretary of state for political affairs and former acting secretary, will represent the U.S. at the NATO meeting.

Asked about what message Tillerson’s absence at the NATO meeting would send to close U.S. allies, Toner stressed that the United States remains 100 percent committed to NATO. Toner also noted that Tillerson is meeting with most, if not all, of the NATO foreign ministers Wednesday when the Coalition to Defeat Islamic State meets in Washington.

President Trump has repeatedly dismissed NATO as "obsolete," though his Vice President Mike Pence voiced staunch U.S. support for the alliance during a news conference in Brussels last month and Tillerson has also expressed his support for NATO.

美国和韩国表示 朝鲜导弹试射失败

美国和韩国说，朝鲜星期三进行的导弹试射失败。

美军太平洋司令部发言人说，看来导弹从朝鲜东部葛麻半岛发射几秒钟后爆炸。

韩国军方说，看来朝鲜进行的试射没有正常完成。

美国和韩国都没有具体说朝鲜试射导弹的类型，双方都说正在继续分析这次导弹试射。

3月早些时候，朝鲜向日本沿海海域发射了4枚弹道导弹，回应美韩年度联合军演。朝鲜将美韩军演视为战争准备。

美国五角大楼说，4枚导弹中的3枚飞行约1000公里后落入日本水域。美国官员说，朝鲜发射的是中程导弹，对北美不构成威胁。

US, South Korea Say North Korean Missile Test Fails

The United States and South Korea say a North Korean missile test Wednesday ended in failure.

A spokesman for the U.S. Pacific Command said the missile appeared to have exploded within seconds of launching from the Kalma peninsula, in the eastern part of the country.

South Korea's military said the apparent test launch did not go off normally.

Neither country gave details about what type of missile was tested, and both said they were continuing to analyze the launch.

Earlier this month, North Korea fired four ballistic missiles into the sea off Japan in response to annual U.S.-South Korea military drills, which the North sees as a preparation for war.

Three of the missiles flew about 1,000 kilometers and landed in Japanese waters, the Pentagon said. U.S. officials said the weapons were medium-range rockets that did not pose a threat to North America.