法院裁决支持川普委派消费者金融保护局负责人

美国华盛顿一位地区法官裁决，支持川普总统让白宫预算局长米克.马瓦尼担任消费者金融保护局代理局长的决定。

凯利法官星期二拒绝以紧急情况为由制止川普总统让马瓦尼担任消费者金融保护局代理局长。

凯利法官的裁决等于驳回了消费者金融保护局副局长英格利希的要求。英格利希要求法院发出紧急禁令，不让马瓦尼担任代理局长。英格利希称，她才是合法的继任者。

川普总统在推特上大赞法官的裁决，称之为“消费者金融保护局的重大胜利”。

英格利希的律师说，他们正在考虑各种法律选项，决定“下一步要如何行动”。

Court Sides With Trump on Consumer Agency Leadership

A U.S. District Court judge in Washington has ruled in favor of President Donald Trump in his bid to install White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).

Judge Timothy Kelly on Tuesday declined to stop, on an emergency basis, the president from making Mulvaney the acting director of the CFPB.

In doing so, Kelly ruled against Leandra English, the CFPB's deputy director. English had requested an emergency restraining order to stop Mulvaney from becoming acting director, claiming the position was rightfully hers.

President Donald Trump celebrated the ruling on Twitter, calling it, "A big win for the Consumer!"

English's lawyer said they are evaluating their legal options and deciding "how to proceed next."

美空军：德州枪手家暴案底未上报“并非孤立事件”

美国空军星期二说，未能向执法机构通报德州枪击案作案人有家庭虐待行为不是一个孤立的事件。

空军发言人斯特凡内克星期二说，对11月初一位被开除的前空军军人在德克萨斯州萨瑟兰泉开枪打死打伤多人的案件调查显示，在其它空军基地，也有类似没有向执法当局通报的现象。

空军没有按照联邦法律和五角大楼的规定，把枪击案肇事者2012年被判定有家庭暴力的事情提交给联邦调查局数据库。有关当局说，如果这一程序得到履行的话，本应可以阻止枪击者合法买到他作案时使用的枪支。

空军发言人斯特凡内克说，尽管有要求通报的政策和程序，但是在培训和遵守规定方面有欠缺。

空军说，他们已经落实了纠正性措施，“防止今后有类似情况发生”，在接下来的几周内还将采取更多的行动。

新程序包括，要求领导层核实，有关案件的信息在联邦调查局的全国犯罪信息中心登记。

被开除军籍的前空军飞行员戴文·凯利11月初的一个星期天在德克萨斯州萨瑟兰泉第一浸礼会教堂打死26人。他在被一个邻居开枪打伤，并受到邻居和警察的追赶时，朝自己头部开枪自杀。

Air Force: Failure to Report Texas Shooter's Domestic Abuse Conviction 'Not Isolated Incident'

The Air Force’s failure to report the Texas shooter’s domestic abuse offenses to civilian law enforcement was not an isolated incident, the military branch said Tuesday.

Air Force spokeswoman Ann Stefanek said Tuesday preliminary findings from a review after this month’s deadly shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, by a disgraced former airman showed similar reporting lapses occurred at other Air Force bases.

The Air Force did not report the airman’s 2012 domestic violence conviction into the FBI's database, as required by federal law and the Pentagon. Authorities say that measure, had it been properly entered, should have stopped the shooter from legally buying the rifle he used in the massacre.

“Although policies and procedures requiring reporting were in place, training and compliance measures were lacking,” Stefanek said.

The Air Force said it has implemented corrective measures to “prevent future occurrences,” and will implement additional actions in the next few weeks.

Among the new procedures is a leadership requirement to verify that information from applicable cases is registered with the FBI's National Crime Information Center's Interstate Identification Index.

The disgraced former airman, Devin Kelley, murdered 26 people at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs on Sunday. He shot himself in the head after being wounded by a neighbor and chased by the neighbor and police.