从朝鲜获释的美国大学生处于昏迷状态

一个在朝鲜被关押了17个月的美国大学生终于获释返美，但不幸的是，他父母说，他一年多以来一直处于昏迷状态。

美国国务卿蒂勒森证实，22岁的瓦姆比尔已经从监狱获释，即将跟家人团聚。

美国国务院官员援引国务院的的规定，拒绝就瓦姆比尔的健康状况发表评论，但表示，国务院最后一次通过瑞典大使馆接触到瓦姆比尔还是去年3月。

瓦姆比尔的父母说，儿子这次获释属于医疗后送。他们被告知，瓦姆比尔去年三月接受审判后不久，有关方面让他服用了一粒安眠药，瓦姆比尔就再也没有醒来。

瓦姆比尔的父亲弗雷德·瓦姆比尔告诉华盛顿邮报说：“目前，我们就当是他出了一次事故，我们今年晚上就能见到儿子奥托了。”

瓦姆比尔是维吉尼亚大学学生，他因试图偷走一副宣传海报被朝鲜判处15年监禁。

US College Student Evacuated from North Korean Prison in Coma

An American college student held in North Korea for 17 months is finally on his way home but with a tragic twist as his parents say he has been in a coma for more than a year.

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson confirmed Tuesday 22-year-old Otto Warmbier was released from prison and would be reunited with his family.

State Department officials refused to comment on Warmbier’s health, citing department guidelines, but said the last time the U.S. had any access to Warmbier, through the Swedish Embassy, was March of last year.

Warmbier's parents described their son’s release as a medical evacuation. Fred and Cindy Warmbier said they were told their son was given a sleeping pill shortly after his trial last March, and he never woke up.

“At the moment, we’re just treating this like he’s been in an accident,” Fred Warmbier told The Washington Post. “We get to see our son Otto tonight,” he told the newspaper

North Korea had sentenced Warmbier, a student at the University of Virginia, to a 15-year prison term for attempting to steal a propaganda poster.

伦敦公寓大楼起火

伦敦一座27层公寓大楼起火，救援人员正在努力疏散住户。大火已经烧了好几个小时，有关官员担心，有人仍被困在大火里。有些人目前下落不明，其中包括儿童。

伦敦市长萨迪克·汗宣布，这次大火是一起“重大事件”。

伦敦警方说，着火的公寓大楼位于伦敦西部的北肯辛顿地区，至少有200名消防队员正在救火，疏散住户。

救护人员正在帮助吸住烟雾的人和其他受伤者。

目击者告诉一家当地电视台说，他们可以听到住户呼喊救命，被困在大楼里的人用手机上的手电晃动，希望能被救援人员发现。

逃出来的人穿着睡衣站到大楼外面。警察把附近地区封锁，让大家不要站在街道上，方便急救车辆通过。

有关部门是在伦敦当地时间凌晨一点刚过时接到火灾报警的。调查人员说，他们目前还不清楚起火的原因。

Massive Fire Destroys a London Apartment Tower

Rescuers in London are working to get residents out of a 27-story apartment tower that has been engulfed in a massive fire for several hours. Officials fear some residents are still trapped in the blaze. A number of people, including children, are missing.

London Mayor Sadiq Khan has declared it a “major incident.”

London Metropolitan police officials say at least 200 firefighters are battling the fire, as they worked to evacuate residents from the building in West London’s North Kensington area.

Rescue teams are treating people for smoke inhalation and other injuries.

Witnesses told a local TV station they could hear residents screaming for help, while some of those trapped shined their cell phone lights in the hope of being spotted by rescuers.

Those who escaped stood outside the building in their pajamas as police cordoned off the area and called on people to stay off the streets to allow emergency vehicles through.

The fire was first reported just after 1 a.m. London time. Investigators say they do not yet know the cause of the fire.