搜救人员继续寻找墨西哥地震幸存者

墨西哥大地震造成230多人丧生，几十座建筑物倒塌，搜救小组星期四继续寻找幸存者。

墨西哥城的一个搜寻地点是一所学校。救援工作者星期三在那里的废墟中发现了一个女孩，他们让女孩晃动手臂，证明她还活着。

搜救工作随即连夜展开，直到星期四清晨。

一名搜救人员告诉记者说：“这个女孩告诉我们，她名叫弗里达，她还告诉我们，还有两个孩子以及一些人躺在那里。我们不知道其他人是否还活着。”

星期二地震过后，救援工作者已经在这所学校找到了25名遇难者，其中21个是孩子。墨西哥教育部长说，地震使5千多所学校受到破坏，这只是其中一所。

墨西哥城的另外一个搜救地点是重灾区之一的科洛尼亚罗马。美国之音记者星期三在一栋倒塌的办公大楼处看到，搜救人员从瓦砾中救出了三个人。

墨西哥总统涅托说，墨西哥城至少有50人从倒塌的建筑物下面被救了出来。他宣布三天哀悼，缅怀遇难者，并表达了国家对死者亲人的问候。

涅托还对墨西哥人的灾后表现予以赞扬，并强调当务之急是寻找幸存者，并为伤员提供医疗护理。

除了墨西哥城、莫雷洛斯州、普埃布拉州、墨西哥州、格雷罗州和瓦哈卡州当地的灾后搜救外，其它国家也伸出援手。

巴拿马一个32人组成的搜救小组星期三抵达墨西哥，还带来了两只搜救犬。美国总统川普打电话给墨西哥总统涅托时，也提出愿意提供搜救帮助和其它支援。

以色列军方说，将提供一个70人小组，提供搜救方面的工程支援。

墨西哥总统涅托说，他的政府接受了美国、西班牙、以色列、日本和其它拉美国家提供的技术和专业帮助。

墨西哥城市长也对国际援助表示感谢。

墨西哥城的国际机场在地震中遭受了一些结构上的破坏，但是涅托总统说，机场已经恢复正常运营。

Rescuers Work to Find Mexico Earthquake Survivors

Rescue teams in Mexico worked Thursday to reach those still trapped among the dozens of buildings that fell during a massive earthquake that has killed more than 230 people.

One search in Mexico City took place at a school where on Wednesday workers spotted a girl buried in the debris and were able to confirm she was still alive by asking her to move her hand.

That search went through the overnight hours into Thursday.

"The girl told us her name, Frida," rescue worker Rodolfo Ruvalcava told FORO TV. "Apart from just her name, she told us there were two other kids, and that there were other bodies. We don't know if the others are alive"

Since the magnitude 7.1 earthquake hit on Tuesday, workers at the school have found 25 people dead there, including 21 children. The school is one of what Mexico's education secretary said was more than 5,000 schools damaged by the earthquake.

Another search in the capital city took place in Colonia Roma, one of the areas hardest hit by the earthquake. At an office building that collapsed, a VOA reporter saw three people rescued from the rubble on Wednesday.

President Enrique Pena Nieto said at least 50 people had been pulled alive from buildings in Mexico City. He declared three days of mourning for those who have died and expressed the country's condolences to their friends and family.

He also praised the way Mexicans have responded to the disaster, while stressing the priority remains saving lives and getting medical attention to those who need it.

In addition to the local response in Mexico City and the states of Morelos, Puebla, Mexico, Guerrero and Oaxaca, help is coming from other nations.

A 32-member search and rescue team from Panama arrived with two dogs Wednesday. U.S. President Donald Trump offered search and rescue teams and other assistance during a phone call with Pena Nieto as well.

The Israeli military said it would send a team of 70 people to help with rescue efforts by providing engineering assistance.

Pena Nieto said his government accepted the technical and specialized help offered by the United States, Spain, Israel, Japan and other Latin American countries that have experience dealing with the type of disaster his country is facing.

Mexico City Mayor Miguel Mancera also expressed gratitude for the international aid.

The city's international airport sustained some structural damage in the earthquake, but Pena Nieto said the airport has returned to normal operations.

飓风玛利亚袭击波多黎各，造成停电和洪灾

受飓风玛利亚影响，波多黎各星期四持续暴雨天气。此前，玛利亚的来袭造成波多黎各全岛停电，很多地方出现洪灾，并造成一人丧生。

这是波多黎各近90年来遭遇的最猛烈的一次飓风。

波多黎各紧急事务管理局负责人戈麦斯说：“等我们可以出门的时候会发现，这个岛已经被摧毁”。

波多黎各各地开设的几百个避难所里收留了1万1千多人，其余的人则是待在家里，等待飓风的离去。飓风玛利亚给波多黎各部分地区带来了50厘米的降雨，狂风刮断了电线和手机信号发射塔，掀翻了房顶。

波多黎各首都圣胡安的国家气象局说，“灾难性的洪水”星期四还将继续。美国国家飓风中心预计，随着风暴的离去，水势和风力也会随之消退。

玛利亚的飓风中心星期四将扫过多米尼加共和国以北海域，星期五早上向特克斯和凯科斯群岛靠拢。最新通告说，目前的最高持续风速为每小时175公里，气象预报说，玛利亚风力还会加强。

波多黎各总督罗赛罗宣布早六点至晚六点宵禁，星期六结束，为救援人员和有关官员救灾提供方便。

Hurricane Maria Knocks Out Power, Floods Puerto Rico

Hurricane Maria dropped more heavy rain Thursday on Puerto Rico after knocking out power across the entire island, flooding many areas and killing at least one person.

The storm was the strongest hurricane to hit the U.S. territory in almost 90 years.

"When we are able to go outside, we are going to find our island destroyed," said Abner Gomez, who heads Puerto Rico's emergency management agency.

More than 11,000 people took cover in the hundreds of shelters set up across Puerto Rico, while others rode out the storm in their homes. Hurricane Maria has dropped 50 centimeters of rain in some places, while its strong winds took down power lines and cell phone towers and blew off roofs.

The National Weather Service office in San Juan said "catastrophic flooding" continued Thursday. The U.S. National Hurricane Center expected the water levels and high winds to subside during the day as the storm moves away.

The center of Maria will pass offshore north of the Dominican Republic Thursday and approach the Turks and Caicos Islands by early Friday. The latest advisories said the storm packed maximum sustained winds of about 175 kilometers per hour, and forecasters said Maria will strengthen some.

Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello imposed a curfew from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. daily until Saturday to allow rescue crews and officials to respond to the hurricane's aftermath.