德国和土耳其谋求缓和紧张关系

德国外长加布里尔星期三说，德国和土耳其希望看到两国关系出现改善。

加布里尔是在柏林对记者发表上述讲话的。土耳其和德国的纠纷持续一周后，加布里尔在柏林与土耳其外长恰武什奥卢举行会谈。

加布里尔说：“我们有两国关系良好的记忆，这点十分重要，因为我们现在的关系紧张。这并不正常。”

土耳其内阁部长原计划在德国对埃尔多安总统的支持者讲话，但是德国当局禁止举行这些集会。埃尔多安总统上星期六在伊斯坦布尔的一次集会上发表讲话说，这种做法与当年纳粹德国的行为没有区别。

土耳其上星期逮捕了德国世界报的一名记者。

德国外长加布里尔说，他对土耳其外长恰武什奥卢清楚表明，将德国与当年的纳粹相提并论是绝不可逾越的红线。他表示，星期三与土耳其外长的会谈友好、坦率，但同时也有争议和困难。

Germany, Turkey Seeking Better Relations

German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Wednesday that his country and Turkey want to see their relations improve.

He spoke to reporters in Berlin where he hosted a meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu after a week of disputes.

"The memories we have of our good relations with Turkey are so important right now because our current relations are very tense. This is not normal," Gabriel said.

Turkish officials have been angered by German authorities who banned local rallies where Turkish ministers were due to speak to supporters of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. On Saturday, Erdogan said during a rally in Istanbul that such moves were no different than the practices of Nazi Germany.

And last week, Turkey arrested a reporter for the German newspaper Die Welt.

Gabriel said he made clear to Cavusoglu that making comparisons to Nazi Germany is a line that must not be crossed. He otherwise described Wednesday's meeting as friendly and open, but also controversial and hard.

围绕俄罗斯干预美国大选的调查将举行首次公开听证

美国众议院情报委员会主席、共和党议员努内斯星期二宣布，该委员会将于3月20日的听证会上首次公开讨论俄罗斯对去年美国总统选举干预的问题。

应邀在听证会上公开作证的包括美国联邦调查局现任局长詹姆斯•科米，他由于在针对希拉里·克林顿的电子邮件调查中所起的影响而一直是争论的中心，还有国家安全局局长迈克尔·罗杰斯，以及前中央情报局局长约翰·布伦南。

川普总统本人也强化了围绕俄罗斯调查的风暴。他上周末在推特上说，他的纽约高层大厦的电话被窃听，这是前总统奥巴马的命令。但奥巴马发言人称这一说法“纯属捏造”。

不过努内斯说，“我认为这是一个有道理的问题——如果这是一个问题的话。拿弗林将军来说，为什么他被录音了？是纯属偶然还是别的什么？ 还有任何别的录音吗？” 努内斯还提到，众议院情报委员会在白宫提出要求之前，就已经计划调查有关大选期间电话监听的更广泛的问题了。

First Public Hearing for Russia Election Interference Probe Called

The House Intelligence Committee will probe Russian interference into the U.S. election in public for the first time during a hearing March 20, committee chair Representative Devin Nunes announced Tuesday.

Among those invited to give public testimony are James Comey, the current director of the FBI who has been at the center of the controversy regarding his involvement in influencing the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails; Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency; and John Brennan, former CIA director.

President Donald Trump heightened the firestorm surrounding the Russia investigation when, late last week, he tweeted that phones at his New York high-rise building had been wiretapped at the behest of former President Barack Obama, a charge labeled "simply false" by an Obama spokesman.

"I think it’s a valid question — if it was a question. Look at General Flynn — why was he being recorded? Was it incidental like we all assume or was it something else? Was there any other additional recording going on?" Nunes said, noting the House Intelligence Committee planned to looked into the broader issue of phone surveillance during the election even before the White House request.