澳大利亚公民法案夭折参议院

澳大利亚一项标准更严格的公民法案星期三未能在参议院通过。澳大利亚随后政府表示，将降低对英文能力的要求，以换取保留其他更严格的移民标准。

澳大利亚移民与边境保护部部长杜敦星期四说，政府愿意把对公民的英语能力要求降低到“一般”，意思是可以基本交流，但允许出现很多错误。

澳大利亚在审批公民申请的时候不进行英文考试，但是要求具备一定的英文能力。

反对人士说，要求申请人通过语言考试有可能导致出现二等非公民。

今年早些时候，澳大利亚总理特恩布尔宣布取消外国人青睐的临时工作签证，代之以要求具备更强英文能力和工作技能的新计划。

杜敦说，政府将和持反对意见的议员共同努力，修改法案，包括改变对语言的要求。

但是反对派领袖萧藤建议政府放弃这一法案。他说：“如果法案不符合普通人的利益，我们不会投赞成票。”

Australian Citizenship Overhaul Thwarted in Senate

After a more stringent citizenship bill failed in the Senate Wednesday, the Australian government says it will lower its standard for English language skills in a trade-off for other, tougher citizenship legislation.

Immigration and Border Protection Minister Peter Dutton said on Thursday the government is willing to lower its competency requirement for English language skills to "modest" -- a designation of basic communication skills with many mistakes.

Language skills are not currently tested in the Australian citizenship process although some English is required.

The opposition has said asking applicants to pass a language test had the potential to create an underclass of noncitizens.

Earlier this year, Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull announced plans to abolish a temporary work visa program popular with foreigners and replace it with a new program requiring better English-language and job skills.

Dutton said the government will work with opposition lawmakers to amend the bill, including changing the language requirements.

But opposition leader Bill Shorten suggested the government abandon the bill. "If it's bad for the interests of ordinary people, we won't vote for it,'' Shorten said.

多哥4人死于反政府抗议示威

在非洲西部国家多哥，至少4人死于安全部队和抗议者的冲突。抗议者要求停止纳辛贝总统的执政。

安全部长亚尔克上校星期三说，在首都洛美，一人被枪打死，三人在离洛美300多公里的多哥第二大城市索科德丧生。

亚尔克说，星期三的冲突中，有60名抗议者被逮捕。

反对派领导人计划连续两天举行反对纳辛贝总统的视为。纳辛贝总统2005年接替他的父亲担任总统，从那以来一直执政。今年8月，纳辛贝总统提议修改宪法，取消对总统任期的限制，这样他有可能执政到2030年。随后在戈多各地爆发了抗议活动。

现任总统的父亲老纳辛贝从1968年开始担任多哥总统，直至去世。

At Least Four Dead in Anti-Government Protests in Togo

At least four people have been killed across the small West African nation of Togo in clashes between security forces and protesters demanding an end to the rule of President Faure Gnassingbe.

Security Minister Colonel Damehame Yark said Wednesday that one person was shot dead in the capital, Lome, while three others were killed in Togo's second-largest city of Sokode, located more than 300 kilometers north of Lome.

Yark says 60 demonstrators were arrested in Wednesday's clashes.

Opposition leaders have planned two days of demonstrations against President Gnassingbe, who has been in power since 2005, succeeding his late father. Protests have broken out across Togo since August over the current president's proposal to amend the constitution by removing presidential term limits, which could potentially allow him to stay in office until at least 2030.

The elder Gnassingbe himself served as president of Togo from 1968 until his death.