达芬奇珍品以创纪录价格拍卖成交

有500年历史、曾经仅以60美元成交的一幅达芬奇画作星期三在一个艺术品拍卖会上以创世界纪录的高价售出。

在纽约佳士得拍卖公司的拍卖会上，耶稣举手祝福的“救世主”达芬奇画作以4亿5千万美元的价格成交。

买家通过电话参加拍卖会，没有透露身份。一路升高的叫价令参加拍卖会的人瞠目结舌。

卖家是俄罗斯亿万富翁雷博诺夫列夫。

据信全世界只有大约20幅达芬奇的真迹作品。“救世主”是唯一在私人手中的达芬奇作品，其它作品都在博物馆或公共机构收藏。

艺术专家认为，达芬奇大约在1500年创作了这幅“救世主”。这幅画曾被英国国王查理一世收藏，一度隐没，后来重新出现。一位收藏者曾认为它是赝品，以60美元的价格收购。

艺术专家用了50多年的时间修复这幅画，并认定它是达芬奇的真迹。不过，仍有人怀疑它不是真品。

星期三的拍卖会之前，画作的最高拍卖价是毕加索的“阿尔及尔女人”，2015年以1亿7900万美元拍卖成交。

Da Vinci Masterpiece Smashes World Art Auction Record

A 500-year-old masterpiece by Leonardo da Vinci that once sold for a mere $60 smashed the world's record for an art auction Wednesday.

"Salvator Mundi," which depicts Christ raising his hand in a blessing, sold for $450 million at Christie's Auction House in New York.

The buyer who was not identified, made his bid by telephone, sending the audience into a frenzy as the price climbed higher and higher.

The seller is Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev.

Only about 20 da Vinci works are known to exist and "Salvator Mundi" is the only one in private hands. The others are in museums or part of large public collections.

Art experts believe da Vinci painted "Salvator Mundi" in about 1500. It was once owned by England's King Charles I. It disappeared, resurfaced, and, at one time, was bought for just $60 by a collector who mistook it for a copy.

It took more than 50 years for art experts to restore it and authenticate it as a genuine da Vinci, although others still doubt it is the real thing.

Until Wednesday, the highest price paid for a painting at auction was $179 million for Pablo Picasso's "The Women of Algiers" in 2015.

人权观察报告：缅甸士兵轮奸罗兴亚妇女

国际人权组织人权观察的一份报告说，缅甸军队继续在若干邦对穆斯林少数族裔施暴，轮奸罗兴亚族妇女。

人权观察引述52名罗兴亚族妇女和女孩的直接面谈内容。这些逃到孟加拉国的女性说，她们在缅甸被政府军强奸。人权观察说，这些被强奸的女性中除一人外，都是被轮奸。

人权观察在孟加拉国接触的多个人道救援组织说，有数以百计的强奸案。实际数字可能更高，因为社会压力让很多被强奸者保持沉默。统计数字也不包括被奸杀的女性。

自从8月25号以来，60多万穆斯林逃离了缅甸若开邦。反政府分子攻击了政府保安部队后，缅甸军队随后进行了残酷镇压。

缅甸政府一再否认在若开邦发生了杀戮、强奸和法外处决。

缅甸不承认罗兴亚族，不准他们成为公民，称他们为孟加拉人。

缅甸实际上的领袖昂山素季被批评对侵犯人权的现象视而不见。不过，鉴于缅甸正处于向民主过渡的脆弱期，很多西方政府不愿意孤立昂山素季。

HRW Report: Rohingya Women Gang Raped by Myanmar Soldiers

Burmese soldiers have gang raped Rohingya women in continued violence against the Muslim minority in the Rakhine state, according to a Human Rights Watch report.

Human Rights Watch cited first-hand interviews with 52 Rohingya women and girls who fled to Bangladesh and reported being raped by security forces in Myanmar. All but one of the interviewees was gang raped, HRW said.

HRW also spoke with multiple humanitarian organizations in Bangladesh who have reported "hundreds" of rape cases. Numbers of rape victims are likely much higher, as social stigma keeps many women silent. The numbers also cannot account for those who were killed after they were raped.

More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have left Myanmar’s Rakhine State since August 25, after insurgents attacked security forces and prompted a brutal military crackdown.

Myanmar’s government has repeatedly rejected claims that atrocities, including rape and extrajudicial killings, are occurring in northern Rakhine.

Myanmar does not recognize the Rohingya and denies them citizenship, referring to them as “Bengali.”

Though Aung San Suu Kyi has been criticized for sidestepping allegations of abuses, many Western governments have been reluctant to ostracize her during a fragile transition to democracy.