沙特展开大范围腐败调查 关押208人

沙特阿拉伯总检察长穆吉布证实，沙特在大规模腐败调查行动中关押了208人，据估计多年来有1000多亿美元被侵吞。

穆吉布星期四发表声明说，其中7人已被释放，没有受到指控，其他201人仍然在押。沙特政府还冻结了大约1700个银行账户。

美国国务卿雷克斯·蒂勒森说，他星期四跟沙特外交大臣朱拜尔交谈过。蒂勒森说：“我的理解是，目前他们对这次羁押尚未定性为逮捕，但是他们向相关人员展示了证明不当行为的证据，看他们是否有意愿纠正错误。”

蒂勒森国务卿说：“这让我们有些担忧，除非我们清楚地了解到这些人被如何处理。”

沙特政府的批评者说，这次大规模调查的目的是清洗沙特政府高层官员，让对手靠边站。沙特新成立的反贪腐委员会由32岁的王储穆罕默德·本·萨勒曼领导。

Saudi Arabia Detains 208 People in Wide-Ranging Corruption Probe

Saudi Arabia's attorney general is confirming the country has detained 208 people in a wide corruption probe and estimates more than $100 billion had been embezzled over many years.

In a statement Thursday, Saud al-Mojeb said seven of the people detained had been released without charge, but the other 201 remain in custody. Around 1,700 bank accounts also were frozen by the government.

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he spoke with Saudi Arabia Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir on Tuesday. The secretary said, "It's my understanding that they're characterizing [the detentions] as not really arrests at this point, but they're presenting people with evidence of what they think the wrongdoing is to see if there's a willingness to want to make things right."

Tillerson said, “it raises a few concerns until we see more clearly how these particular individuals are dealt with."

Critics of the Saudi government say the probe is aimed at purging top Saudi government officials and sidelining rivals, as 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman heads the newly formed anti-graft commission.

美军空袭索马里青年党

美国军方说，美军星期四对索马里的“青年党”进行了一次空袭，打死“几名激进分子”。

五角大楼发言人奥德丽西娅·哈里斯对美国之音说，这次无人机袭击击中了首都摩加迪沙以西大约160公里的拜州地区的目标。

哈里斯说，袭击没有打死任何平民。

美国非洲司令部发表声明说，袭击发生在当地时间大约下午3点，美军与索马里政府进行了协调。

非洲司令部说：“美军将继续使用所有被授权的恰当措施来保护美国人并解除恐怖主义威胁。”

在这次袭击的不到一个星期前，美军空袭了索马里北部的“伊斯兰国”武装分子。

坎达拉镇的负责人嘉玛·默罕默德·丘尔舎星期五告诉美国之音索马里组说，美军上星期五的袭击目标是坎达拉镇以南大约60公里的巴卡村“伊斯兰国”激进分子根据地。当地位于半自治的庞特兰地区。

美国非洲司令部的一名官员对美国之音说，这两次袭击打死了 “不到五名”伊斯兰国武装分子。这是美国首次空袭索马里境内的伊斯兰国激进分子。

US Strikes Al-Shabab in Somalia

U.S. forces conducted an airstrike against al-Shabab in Somalia on Thursday, killing "several militants," according to the U.S. military.

The drone strike hit targets in the Bay Region of Somalia, about 160 kilometers west of the capital, Mogadishu, Pentagon spokeswoman Audricia Harris told VOA.

No civilians were killed in the strike, Harris said.

According to a statement from U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM), the strike occurred about 3 p.m. local time in Somalia in coordination with the Somali government.

"U.S. forces will continue to use all authorized and appropriate measures to protect Americans and to disable terrorist threats," Africa Command said.
The strike comes less than a week after U.S. airstrikes targeted Islamic State (IS) fighters in the country's north.

Jama Mohamed Qurshe, the chairman of the town of Qandala, told VOA Somali that the U.S. strikes last Friday hit a base for IS militants at Buqa village, about 60 kilometers south of his town, in the semiautonomous region of Puntland.

A U.S. Africa Command official told VOA those two strikes killed "fewer than five" Islamic State fighters. They were the first U.S. airstrikes against IS militants in Somalia.