马蒂斯：绝不接受拥有核武器的朝鲜

美国国防部长马蒂斯说，美国绝不会接受一个拥有核武器的朝鲜。

马蒂斯星期六在首尔说，朝鲜加速开发核武器和导弹，是在破坏而不是加强这个孤立于世的国家的安全。

马蒂斯警告朝鲜说，它的军力远不敌美国和韩国军事联盟的力量。

马蒂斯说：“无需置疑，任何对美国或美国盟友的攻击都将被打败。朝鲜如果使用核武器，将会受到摧枯拉朽的强大军事反应。”

马蒂斯重申了他在出访亚洲一周来一直在说的话，以外交手段应对朝鲜是首选。

马蒂斯和美军参联会主席邓福德将军星期六在韩国与国防官员进行年度磋商。这是韩国总统文在寅和美国总统川普上任以来第一次美韩安全磋商。

马蒂斯星期五和韩国总统文在寅会面，并在韩国和朝鲜之间的板门店停战村向美国和韩国的军队讲话。

马蒂斯国防部长的亚洲之行还包括泰国和菲律宾。

Mattis Warns the U.S. Will Never Accept a Nuclear North Korea

The U.S. defense secretary says the U.S. will never accept a nuclear-armed North Korea.

Jim Mattis said Saturday in Seoul that the North's aggressive nuclear and missile development programs are undermining the isolated nation's security instead of securing it.

Mattis warned the North that its military is no match for the military might of the U.S. and South Korea alliance.

"Make no mistake," Mattis said, "any attack on the United States or our allies will be defeated and any use of nuclear weapons by the North will be met with a massive military response that is effective and overwhelming."

The secretary said once again as he has said all week on his Asian trip that diplomacy is the preferred way of dealing with North Korea.

Mattis and General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, held annual consultations with South Korean defense officials Saturday, marking the first time the Security Consultative Meeting has been held since the inauguration of South Korea President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump.

On Friday, Mattis met with President Moon and spoke to U.S. and South Korean troops at the Panmunjom "truce village" where South Korea meets North Korea.

The secretary's Asian trip has included stops in Thailand and the Philippines.

大陪审团批准对俄罗斯干预美国选举的第一批起诉

一个美国联邦大陪审团批准对俄罗斯影响美国选举的调查提出第一批起诉。特别检察官穆勒负责相关调查。

各大媒体星期五晚上报道了这一消息。

最先报道的美国有线电视新闻网（CNN）援引消息来源说，被起诉的人可能最早星期一被收押。起诉的罪名目前不得而知。

穆勒办公室的发言人拒绝了CNN要求发表评论的请求。

CNN说，穆勒团队的律师被人看到星期五进入华盛顿的大陪审团取证所在的联邦法院。

穆勒对调查的进展守口如瓶。

穆勒今年5月在前联邦调查局局长科米被解职后被任命为特别检察官，调查川普竞选团队是否与俄罗斯串通从而赢得大选。他还负责调查川普总统是否试图干预有关俄罗斯的调查。

穆勒的调查还包括审查俄罗斯商人是否与川普竞选团队一些成员有金融往来，以及前川普竞选团队总负责人马纳福特和前国家安全事务助理弗林是否为外国游说。

除了穆勒负责的调查外，美国国会的三个委员也在分别进行有关俄罗斯干预美国选举的调查。

US Grand Jury Approves First Charges in Russia Investigation

A U.S. federal grand jury has approved the first charges in an investigation of Russian influence on U.S. elections, a probe led by special counsel Robert Mueller.

Media reports of the filing of the sealed charges came late Friday.

The grand jury's action was first reported by CNN, which quoted sources as saying anyone who is charged could be taken into custody as soon as Monday. The exact charges are unclear.

A spokesman for Mueller's office declined CNN's request for comment.

CNN said lawyers working on Mueller's team were seen entering the federal courtroom in Washington, D.C., on Friday, where the grand jury meets to hear testimony.

Mueller has kept a tight lid on information about the probe.

Mueller was appointed special counsel in May, shortly after the firing of then-FBI director James Comey, to look into allegations that the Trump campaign may have colluded with Russia to win the election. He is also examining the possibility that the president may have tried to interfere with the Russia investigation.

The probe is also examining possible financial ties between Russian businesses and members of the Trump campaign, and foreign lobbying conducted by former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and former national security adviser Michael Flynn.

In addition to Mueller's probe, three congressional committees are conducting their own investigations into possible Russian influence on the election.