美国海军下令暂停行动两天

美国海军承诺将采取“更为强势的立场”，以确定是什么原因导致美国的导弹驱逐舰和商船在两个月内发生第二次碰撞。

美国海军“约翰·S·麦凯恩号”(USS John S. McCain)驱逐舰星期一在马六甲海峡附近与一艘油轮相撞，导致十名美国水兵失踪，五名水兵受伤，“约翰·S·麦凯恩号”船体受到“严重损害”。

美国海军公布的照片显示，在麦凯恩号的左舷侧，水位线以下有一个狭窄的洞。美国第七舰队的声明说，损坏“巨大”，一些睡舱和通讯室因此被水淹没。

美国海军和海军陆战队星期二在舰艇损坏部分的密封舱里面搜索失踪的水兵。与此同时，马来西亚海军和新加坡海军也在发生相撞地区继续搜索工作。

作为对该事件的回应，美国海军下令美国舰队即刻 “暂停行动”。

这是驻扎在太平洋的美国海军第七舰队两个月来第二起撞船事故。6月份，美国海军“菲茨杰拉德号”(USS Fitzgerald)驱逐舰在日本海域与一艘集装箱货轮相撞，造成七名水兵丧生。

US Navy Orders Operational Pause for Up to 2 Days Following Collision

The U.S. Navy is promising to take "a much more aggressive stance" as it tries to determine what led to a second collision between a U.S. guided-missile destroyer and a commercial vessel in as many months.

Ten American sailors are missing and five injured, with the USS John S. McCain sustaining "significant damage" as a result of Monday’s collision with a tanker near the Strait of Malacca.

Photos released by the U.S. Navy show a gaping hole, below the waterline, on the John S. McCain’s port side. A statement from the U.S. 7th Fleet said the damage was "significant" and that some sleeping areas and communications rooms flooded as a result.

U.S. Navy and Marine Corps divers searched Tuesday for the missing sailors in sealed compartments in damaged sections of the ship. Meanwhile, ships and aircraft from the Malaysian Navy and Singapore's Navy also continued searching the area where the collision happened.

In response to the incident, the Navy ordered an immediate operational pause across the U.S. fleet.

The collision between USS John S. McCain and the Liberian-flagged tanker ship Alnic MC early Monday is the second involving a ship from the U.S. Navy's 7th Fleet in the Pacific in two months. Seven sailors died in June when the USS Fitzgerald and a container ship hit each other in waters off Japan.

美国国防部长马蒂斯
美国国防部长马蒂斯
美防长访问伊拉克 誓言击溃伊斯兰国

美国国防部长马蒂斯周二表示，伊斯兰国组织“天数已尽”，同时警告说，还不能立即打败这个激进组织。

马蒂斯在飞往巴格达进行事先未宣布的访问前对记者做出以上表示。他在巴格达会见了伊拉克总理阿巴迪。

阿巴迪在推特上发文说，两人讨论了安全合作和美国对伊拉克安全部队的支持。美国防长表示伊拉克的稳定“不会一夜间实现”。马蒂斯说“对他们来说将是艰难的前行。”

自2014年8月以来，美军一直领导着由几个国家组成的联盟进行的空袭和其他军事行动，对伊拉克军队提供支持。之前伊斯兰国武装扫荡了伊拉克北部和西部大片地区。伊拉克部队七月份取得一项重大胜利，收复了伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔。

星期天，伊拉克军方为收复摩苏尔以西约60公里的泰勒阿费尔发动了攻势。

美国领导的联盟也在支持将伊斯兰国从在伊拉克邻国叙利亚控制的地区赶走的努力。伊斯兰国实际上的首都拉卡就在那里。

Mattis Visits Iraq Amid Push to Rout Islamic State, Look Toward Future

U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Tuesday Islamic State's "days are numbered," while cautioning that defeating the militant group is not imminent.

Mattis spoke to reporters before flying to Baghdad for an unannounced visit, where he met with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.

The two discussed security cooperation and U.S. support for Iraqi security forces, Abadi said in a tweet. The Pentagon chief says stabilizing Iraq is "not going to happen overnight." "It's going to be a heavy lift for them going forward," Mattis noted.

U.S. forces have been leading a coalition of countries conducting airstrikes and other military operations in support of Iraq's military since August 2014, a few months after Islamic State fighters swept through large areas of northern and western Iraq. The Iraqi troops scored a major victory in July by recapturing control of Mosul, the nation's second largest city.

On Sunday, Iraq's military launched an offensive to take back Tal Afar, an area about 60 kilometers west of Mosul.

The U.S. coalition is also supporting efforts to expel Islamic State from areas it controls in neighboring Syria, including its de facto capital in the city of Raqqa.