*又一个白宫入侵者被抓*

又一个男子跳过白宫的围栏。这是过去一个多月的时间里白宫第二次出现入侵者。不过，保卫总统的特勤处这一次在警犬帮助下制住了入侵者。

翻越围栏的那个人星期三晚上在越过白宫北边的围栏后被抓住。特勤处一位发言人说，那个人踢了一条警犬，但被第二条警犬制住。

围栏翻越者随后被送到附近一家医院。在事件发生时，白宫出入口封闭。

9月19日，失业和无家可归的美国陆军退伍军人奥马尔.冈萨雷斯翻越白宫围栏，跑过草坪，进入了白宫里面，后来被抓住。另外，他的汽车里还有800发子弹，两把斧头，一把砍刀。

Man Caught After Jumping White House Fence

For the second time in a little more than a month, a man has jumped the White House fence, but this time the intruder was apprehended with the help of Secret Service dogs.

The jumper was caught Wednesday evening outside the White House after he scaled the north fence. A Secret Service spokesman said the suspect kicked at one of the dogs before a second dog subdued him.

The jumper was then taken to a nearby hospital. The White House was put on lockdown during the incident.

On September 19, Omar Gonzalez, a 42-year-old Army vet who is unemployed and homeless, bolted across the lawn and into the White House before being apprehended. He had a 9-centimeter knife in his pants and more than 800 rounds of ammunition, two hatchets and a machete in his car.


**美国民主基金会驳斥介入占中指责**

美国非政府组织美国国家民主基金会说，他们同中国的公民组织进行的是正常合作，没有什么可隐瞒的。

中国官方媒体和香港的亲北京新闻机构最近几天发表了一系列的文章，指责美国国家民主基金会为抗议者提供资金并出谋划策。抗议者自9月28日以来占领了香港的主要街道。这些媒体还把美国国家民主基金会说成是美国外交政策的工具。

美国国家民主基金会负责亚洲、中东和北非项目的副总裁路易莎.格雷夫在接受美国之音独家专访时，驳斥了有关指称，说这是对香港人民的侮辱。她说，香港人民对一个“民主为基础的政府”，有他们自己的想法。

格雷夫说：“美国国家民主基金会的预算由美国的纳税人提供，但其决策并非是美国外交政策的一部分。”

格雷夫说，美国国家民主基金会并不参与香港本身促进民主的工作。

她说：“我们在全球根本没有办公室—我们有工作人员审核（其他伙伴组织）的建议书，必须要了解（伙伴组织运行）的国家的政策，然后根据该组织自己的建议提供项目支援。由于我们的资金有限，基于竞争的原则，我们努力支持最好的项目。我们不控制这些项目。”

US Democracy Group Rebuts Hong Kong Meddling Allegations

A U.S. nongovernmental organization accused of instigating Hong Kong's pro-democracy "Occupy" street protests says it is engaged in normal cooperation with civic groups in the Chinese territory and has nothing to hide.

Chinese state media and pro-Beijing news outlets in Hong Kong have published a series of articles in recent days, accusing the National Endowment for Democracy of funding and advising the protesters, who have occupied major Hong Kong streets since September 28. Those media also have portrayed NED as an agent of U.S. foreign policy.

In an exclusive interview with VOA, National Endowment for Democracy's vice president of programs for Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, Louisa Greve, dismissed the accusations as an insult to Hong Kong people, whom she said have their own desires for a "democratic basis for their government."

"NED has a budget which is paid for by American taxpayers, but its decision making is not part of American foreign policy," Greve said.

Greve said NED does not engage in democracy-promotion work in Hong Kong itself.

"We really don't have offices around the world -- we have staff who take a look at proposals (from partner groups), have to understand the politics in the countries (where those partners operate), and then provide project support based on the groups' own proposals," she said. "Based on competition, because (our) money is limited, we try to support the best projects. We don’t control them."