Blasts Heard in Eastern Ukraine, Woman Reportedly Killed

VOA News

Residents of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine said heavy shelling could be heard Sunday near the airport, raising new fears that a tenuous cease-fire signed Friday by rebels and the Kyiv government is on the verge of collapse.

A spokesman for Ukraine's national security council in Kyiv said rebels in Donetsk appear to have tried to attack the airport. The airport has been under the control of government troops since May.

Meanwhile, officials in Mariupol said Sunday one woman was killed and at least four people were wounded in the renewed shelling that erupted overnight in the port city.

The death is the first reported civilian casualty since the truce was declared.

乌克兰东部爆炸声震耳欲聋

美国之音

乌克兰东部的顿涅茨克居民星期天听到机场附近发出了强烈爆炸声。这使人们担心基辅和反政府武装之间新达成的停火协议可能已经到了破裂的边缘。

乌克兰国家安全委员会发言人在基辅说，顿涅茨克反政府分子看来一度企图袭击机场。这个机场自从5月以来一直在政府部队控制之中。

于此同时，马里乌波尔的官员称，在这个港口城市夜间爆发的炮击导致一名妇女丧生，三人受伤。

这名妇女遇难是宣布停火协议后最新报道的一例死亡事件。

US Airstrikes Target Islamic State Extremists

VOA News

The U.S. military says it has launched airstrikes in western Iraq near Haditha Dam, which is under threat from Islamic State militants.

U.S. officials said Sunday Iraq remains in control of the dam, but the offensive was initiated to beat back insurgents who are trying to seize control of the dam.

U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, speaking in Georgia Sunday, said securing the Haditha Dam was crucial.

Hagel said: "If that dam would fall into ISL's hand, or if that dam would be destroyed, the damage that that would cause would be very significant. And it would put a significant and big risk into the mix in Iraq."

The U.S. military has also launched airstrikes against Islamic State militants in northern Iraq, targeting fighters and military hardware near the town of Irbil.

The U.S. Central Command has described the attacks as "a mix of attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft," saying the flights occurred Friday and Saturday.

In nearby Syria, monitors say Syrian government airstrikes targeting the Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa killed at least 25 people, including 16 civilians.

The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the civilians died in the bombing of a bakery operated by the extremist group. Other strikes hit an Islamic State training camp and a government finance building used as an Islamic court.

The northeastern city of Raqqa is the group's main foothold in Syria.

**美军空袭伊拉克各地“伊斯兰国”激进分子

美国之音

美国军方称，对伊拉克西部哈迪塞大坝附近地区进行了空袭。大坝仍然受到“伊斯兰国”激进分子的威胁。

美国官员星期天说，伊拉克继续控制着大坝，但是对试图夺取大坝控制权的反叛武装发起了攻势，以击退他们。

美国国防部长哈格尔星期天在格鲁吉亚说，一旦这个大坝落入极端分子手中，或者是大坝被摧毁，其后果将是十分严重的，而且会令整个伊拉克的局势更加危险。

此前，美军稍早对伊拉克北部的“伊斯兰国”激进分子展开更多的空袭，打击北部城镇埃尔比勒附近的武装人员和军事设备。

美国中央指挥部称，星期五和星期六进行的这些袭击，包括战机与远程遥控飞机等混合式攻击。

在邻近的叙利亚，监察人员说，叙利亚政府空袭了“伊斯兰国”的据点莱卡，至少有25人丧生，包括16名平民。

叙利亚人权了望台表示，被炸死的平民当时正在一家激进组织经营的面包店里。其他空袭击中了“伊斯兰国”的一个训练营以及用作伊斯兰法庭的一所政府财政大楼。

叙利亚东北部城市莱卡是“伊斯兰国”组织在叙利亚的主要据点