联合国: 温室效应气体浓度达创纪录水平

联合国说，二氧化碳排放量急剧增加，大气层中的温室效应气体去年达到创纪录水平。

世界气象组织星期二发表的温室气体浓度年度报告说，自30年前开始有效记录全球大气层二氧化碳含量以来，2012年至2013年的二氧化碳增长幅度达到最高点。

排放的二氧化碳一大部分被海洋吸收。

世界气象组织秘书长雅罗同时发表声明说，“过去、现在和将来的二氧化碳排放 将对全球变暖和海水酸化产生累积影响。”他说，“物理定律是不容置疑的。”

很多科学家认为温室效应气体增加是导致全球变暖或大气层变暖的原因。雅罗曾经表示，全球气温毫无疑问是在不断增高。

UN: Greenhouse Gases Hit Record Levels Last Year

The United Nations says surging carbon dioxide emissions sent greenhouse gases in the atmosphere to record levels last year.

In its annual report on greenhouse gas concentrations Tuesday, the World Meteorological Organization said carbon dioxide levels between 2012 and 2013 marked the largest yearly increase since reliable global records began 30 years ago.

A large percentage of carbon dioxide emissions are absorbed by the oceans.

In a statement accompanying the report, WMO chief Michel Jarraud warned that "past, present and future carbon dioxide emissions will have a cumulative impact on global warming and ocean acidification." He said the "laws of physics are non-negotiable."

Many scientists believe that increased greenhouse gases are responsible for global warming, or the warming of the atmosphere. Jarraud has said there is no doubt that global temperatures are rising.


虽有停火协议，乌东城市仍遭炮击

尽管乌克兰政府和亲俄分离分子上周达成停火协议，但乌克兰东部城市顿涅茨克夜间仍遭到炮击。

目击者说，顿涅茨克夜间共四次遭炮弹和火箭攻击。

目前还不清楚是否有伤亡。

自上星期五开始停火以来，乌克兰东部局势基本平静。但有报道说，部分地区发生了交火，特别是在顿涅茨克工业区和附近的港口城市马里乌波尔。

星期二，国际文传通讯社报道说，签订停火协议以来，已经有四名乌克兰军人被打死。乌克兰国防部官员安德罗纳提告诉国际文传通讯社，还有超过29人受伤。

乌克兰政府军和反叛武装都指责对方违反了停火协议。

Eastern Ukrainian City Shelled Overnight despite Truce

The city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine was shelled overnight, despite a cease-fire signed by the government and pro-Russian separatists late last week.

Witnesses say Ukrainian positions in the rebel-held city were hit by mortar and rocket fire four times during the night.

It was unclear if there were casualties.

The cease-fire has largely held across eastern Ukraine since taking effect on Friday. But fighting has been reported in parts of the region, especially in the industrial hub of Donetsk and near the port city of Mariupol.

On Tuesday, the Interfax news agency reported that four Ukrainian servicemen have died since the cease-fire was signed. Defense ministry official Vitaly Andronaty also told Interfax that 29 people have suffered wounds.

Both sides blame the other for violating the truce.