奥巴马宣布进一步制裁参与克里米亚事态的俄罗斯人

奥巴马总统因俄罗斯吞并克里米亚而宣布对俄罗斯采取新的制裁措施。

奥巴马总统星期四在白宫玫瑰园发表讲话说， 美国将对参与俄罗斯占领克里米亚行动的更多的人进行制裁。 早些时候，美国宣布对参与俄罗斯反乌克兰行动的21人进行制裁，限制其旅行和经济活动。

奥巴马总统还说，他在考虑扩大对俄罗斯的制裁，除了针对个人以外， 还考虑对俄罗斯的经济部门进行制裁。

奥巴马说，他对克里米亚的局势深为关注，正与欧洲盟友制定对俄罗斯行动的应对方案。

俄罗斯军队两个星期前在乌克兰亲俄罗斯的总统亚努科维奇被推翻之后实际上控制了克里米亚。

Obama Announces Additional Sanctions on Russians Involved in Crimea

U.S. President Barack Obama has announced new sanctions against Russia for its annexation of Crimea.

Speaking in the White House Rose Garden, the president said he is imposing sanctions on more individuals involved in Russia's occupation of the Black Sea peninsula. Earlier the United States placed sanctions limiting travel and economic activity on 21 people involved in the Kremlin's actions against Ukraine.

The president also said he is considering expanding sanctions further, ti apply to sectors of the Russian economy in addition to specific individuals.

Mr. Obama said he is deeply concerned about the situation in Crimea and is working with European allies to formulate a response to the Russian actions.

Russian forces effectively took control of Crimea two weeks ago in the wake of the ouster of Ukraine's pro-Russian president, Viktor Yanukovych, after months of protests and sporadic violence.

欧盟考虑实施进一步制裁

欧洲联盟因俄罗斯吞并克里米亚半岛而准备对俄罗斯采取新的制裁行动。

德国总理默克尔星期四对德国议会说，如果局势恶化，欧盟准备采取包括经济制裁的“第三级”措施。

欧盟已经对入侵克里米亚负有责任的俄罗斯官员实施了旅行禁令和冻结资产的制裁。

莫斯科星期三与地方当局签订条约，把克里米亚纳入俄罗斯版图。俄罗斯人占多数的克里米亚星期日举行了脱离乌克兰而加入俄罗斯的公投。美国和欧盟称这次公投是非法的。

德国总理默克尔说，只要与俄罗斯的外交僵局不解决，由世界主要经济体组成的8国集团论坛就不会召开。俄罗斯是8国集团的成员国，其他国家包括英国、加拿大、法国、德国、意大利、日本和美国。

联合国秘书长潘基文星期四将在莫斯科会见俄罗斯总统普京和外长拉夫罗夫，继续努力解决这场危机。星期五，他将在基辅会晤乌克兰临时总统图尔奇诺夫和总理亚采纽克。

EU Considering Further Sanctions

The European Union is readying further sanctions against Russia over its annexation of the Crimean peninsula.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel told her nation's parliament Thursday the EU is prepared to move to "Level 3" measures, which would include economic sanctions, if the situation worsens.

The EU has already imposed travel bans and asset freezes on Russian officials deemed responsible for the incursion into Crimea.

On Wednesday, Moscow signed a treaty with local authorities making Crimea part of Russia. The majority-Russian region voted to break away from Ukraine and join Russia in a referendum Sunday that the U.S. and European Union have declared illegal.

Chancellor Merkel said the Group of Eight forum of leading economies is effectively suspended as long as the diplomatic standoff with Russia continues. Russia is part of the G8, along with Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States.

In a continuation of efforts to end the crisis, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow Thursday. On Friday, he will meet in Kyiv with Ukrainian President Turchynov and Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk.