*联军周二空袭科巴尼地区伊斯兰国目标*

库尔德武装继续在叙利亚城镇科巴尼抵抗进攻的伊斯兰国激进分子。

星期二在土耳其境内可以看到科巴尼上空的滚滚黑烟。科巴尼保卫战已经进行了几个星期。库尔德武装抵制激进分子夺取城镇的努力得到了国际社会的支持。

总部设在英国的人权组织叙利亚人权瞭望台说，美国为首的联军星期二同时派战机轰炸了科巴尼地区的伊斯兰国目标。

美国星期一向保卫科巴尼的库尔德武装空投了伊拉克境内库尔德当局提供的武器弹药和医疗用品。 土耳其星期一也说，他们帮助伊拉克库尔德人越境进入叙利亚，加入保卫科巴尼的战斗。

Kurds, Islamic State Militants Continue Kobani Fighting

Kurdish fighters and Islamic State militants continue to battle in the northern Syrian town of Kobani.

Plumes of smoke could be seen Tuesday from across the border in Turkey, as the two sides clashed again in the weeks-long fight that has drawn international support to help the Kurds hold off militant attempts to take the town.

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said planes from the U.S.-led coalition also carried out fresh airstrikes in the area Tuesday targeting the Islamic State group.

On Monday, the U.S. dropped shipments of weapons, ammunition and medical supplies provided by Kurdish authorities in Iraq to the Kurds in Kobani.

Turkey also said it is helping Iraqi Kurds cross into Syria to help in the fighting there.

*港府与学生对话 称不会有更多政改*

香港政府星期二与学联领袖举行对话，但坚称港府不会在2017年选举前进行更多政改。

香港政务司司长林郑月娥在开场白中要求学生领袖让示威者离去。她说，三个星期的占中运动造成分裂，并且有碍宪政对话。

林郑月娥是香港特区政府二号人物。她说，香港不是一个主权独立的国家，不能决定自己的选举架构。

但香港特首梁振英在对话前的一次采访中暗示，筛选候选人的委员会的人员构成仍有协商空间。

香港学联领袖周永康说，除非政府改变筛选候选人的决定，否则不会要求示威者散去。

Hong Kong Protesters, Authorities Begin Talks

Hong Kong authorities are meeting with student protest leaders, but insist they will not make further electoral reforms before the territory's 2017 elections.

In her opening statement, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam asked the student leaders to disperse the three-week-old protests, calling them divisive and an impediment to constitutional dialogue.

Lam, Hong Kong's number two official, said the territory is not an independent country and cannot decide its own electoral structure.

But in an interview before the talks, Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying hinted there is room for discussing the makeup of the committee that would screen the candidates.

Alex Chow with the Hong Kong Federation of Students said the protests will not be disbanded unless the government reverses the decision to screen candidates.