××普京与克里米亚领导人签署条约使克里米亚归属俄罗斯××

俄罗斯总统普京星期二同克里米亚签署条约，把位于黑海上的这个半岛并入俄罗斯版图。

与普京一起签署条约的有克里米亚地区政府的总理，克里米亚议会议长和克里米亚港口城市塞瓦斯托波尔的市长。俄罗斯的黑海舰队就驻扎在塞瓦斯托波尔。

克里姆林宫在其网站上说，克里米亚“应自条约签署之日起被视为加入俄罗斯联邦。”

克里米亚上星期日举行全民公投，结果多数人赞成加入俄罗斯。普京一天前签署一项政令，承认克里米亚半岛是“一个拥有主权的独立国家”。

普京星期二声称克里米亚公投符合民主和国际准则。

美国副总统拜登星期二抵达波兰，与该地区关切俄罗斯军事入侵克里米亚的盟国举行会谈。拜登将会晤波兰和波罗的海国家爱沙尼亚、立陶宛和拉脱维亚的领导人。

Putin and Crimean Leaders Sign Treaty Making Peninsula Part of Russia

Russian President Vladimir Putin and Crimea signed a treaty Tuesday to make the Black Sea peninsula part of Russia, just two days after it voted to secede from Ukraine in a referendum the United States and the European Union declared "illegal."

Mr. Putin signed the document with ((Sergei Askyonov,)) the prime minister of Crimea's regional government, ((Vladimir Konstantinov,)) the speaker of Crimea's parliament, and ((Aleksei Chalov,)) the mayor of the Crimean port city of Sevastopol, where Russia's Black Sea fleet is based.

The Kremlin said on its website that Crimea "shall be deemed accepted in the Russian Federation from the date of signing the treaty."

The treaty was signed shortly after Mr. Putin told Russia's parliament in a televised address that Crimea has always been an "inalienable" part of Russia, and a day after he signed a decree recognizing the peninsula as "a sovereign and independent country.

President Putin said Tuesday that the referendum complied with democratic and international norms.

U.S. Vice President Joe Biden is in Poland Tuesday for talks with regional allies concerned about Russia's military incursion into Crimea. Biden is meeting with the leaders of Poland and the Baltic states of Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia.

**中国：失联班机中国乘客与恐怖主义无关联**

中国表示，马来西亚失联班机上的任何一名中国乘客看来都与恐怖主义没有关联。目前多个国家正在进一步扩大搜寻失联班机的范围。

中国驻马来西亚大使黄惠康星期二说，对失联班机上154名中国大陆乘客全部进行背景调查后，得出了以上结论。

黄惠康还表示，中国方面已经开始在搜寻区域的北部走廊一带寻找这架波音777客机以及239名乘客和机组人员。

这架班机3月8日神秘失踪后，看来或者向北飞往中亚，或者向南飞向印度洋。调查人员相信，这架班机可能是故意偏离从吉隆坡飞往北京的预定航线。

据纽约时报报道，这架班机的预定航线被一个电脑系统做了改变，而最大可能是具备尖端飞机系统知识的人在驾驶舱内操纵电脑程序改变航线。

未透露姓名的美国官员对纽约时报说，事态的发展加强了有关班机失踪涉及非法行为的推论，由此很可能加强对机长和副机长的调查。

China: No Terror Links Among Chinese Passengers on Missing Jet

China said Tuesday none of the Chinese passengers aboard the missing Malaysia Airlines airliner appear to have links to terrorism, as the massive, multinational search for the jet expanded further.

The official Xinhua news agency quoted China's ambassador to Malaysia (Huang Huikang) as saying the determination was made following background checks on all passengers from the mainland. About two-thirds of the 227 passengers on board the jet were Chinese.

The ambassador also said China has begun looking for the Boeing 777 "in the territory along the northern corridor" of the search area.

The plane appears to have flown either north toward Central Asia or south, deeper into the vast Indian Ocean after it mysteriously vanished on March 8. Investigators believe the jet may have been deliberately diverted from its initial flight path from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.

The New York Times is reporting the plane's intended route appears to have been altered by a computer system mostly likely programmed by someone in the cockpit with knowledge of advanced aircraft systems.

Speaking anonymously, U.S. officials told the Times the development reinforces the theory that foul play is involved and will likely increase scrutiny of the plane's pilot and co-pilot.