*两韩军方举行秘密会谈*

韩国媒体和国会议员说，朝鲜和韩国的高级军事官员星期三举行秘密会晤，讨论最近的跨界交火问题。

据韩联社和反对党人士朴智源说，这次会谈是在两国交界的板门店停战村举行的。

据说双方讨论了朝鲜上星期五向发送传单的反朝宣传气球开火后引发的轻型武器交火事件。

之前，朝鲜和韩国海军巡逻艇上星期在有争议的黄海边界相互开炮示警。据报道，两起事件都没有造成人员伤亡或损失。

这些冲突可能会使本月早些时候商定的高级别会谈流产。朝鲜之前出人意料地向韩国派出了一个高级代表团。

North, South Korea Militaries Hold Secret Talks

South Korean media and lawmakers say senior military officials from North and South Korea held a secret meeting Wednesday to discuss recent cross-border gunfire.

The meeting, reported by Yonhap news agency and opposition politician Park Jie-won, occurred at the Panmunjom truce village located along the countries' tense de facto border.

The two sides were said to have discussed an incident last Friday in which the two Koreas exchanged small arms fire after Pyongyang fired at a balloon from the South carrying anti-North propaganda.

That followed an incident last week in which North and South Korean naval patrol boats traded warning shots along their disputed Yellow Sea border. There were no casualties or damage reported in either incident.

The clashes threaten to unravel high-level talks agreed to earlier this month after North Korea unexpectedly sent a senior delegation to the South.


*美国对中国购买华尔道夫进行审查*

美国政府正在审查希尔顿公司计划将闻名遐迩的纽约华尔道夫酒店卖给一家中国保险公司的交易。

美国驻联合国使团的一名发言人库珀星期二说，上星期安邦保险集团耗资19亿5千万美元的交易正受到详细审查。特别是这笔交易中包含的全面整修计划。

纽约华尔道夫酒店50多年来一直是美国驻联合国大使的住处。

每年九月，国务院会包下华尔道夫酒店两层楼，作为从华盛顿去参加联合国大会的成群美国外交人员的总部。

这笔交易允许希尔顿在今后100年继续经营这家酒店。

US to Scrutinize Waldorf Sale to China

The U.S. government is reviewing the Hilton Company's planned sale of the famed Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York City to a Chinese insurance company.

A spokesman for the U.S. Mission to the United Nations said Tuesday that last week's $1.95 billion sale to Anbang Insurance Group is being scrutinized. He said particular attention will be given to a planned major renovation included in the terms of the deal.

The Waldorf Astoria has been home to U.S. envoys to the U.N. for more than 50 years.

Every September, the U.S. State Department takes over two floors of the Waldorf to serve as headquarters for the horde of U.S. diplomats that come from Washington for the U.N. General Assembly.

The sale allows Hilton to run the hotel for the next 100 years.