**中国黑客窃取美政府雇员身份信息**

《纽约时报》星期四报道说，该报从美国政府官员处得知，中国电脑黑客企图侵入成千上万申请美国联邦高级机密安全许可雇员的个人档案。

报道说， 黑客今年3月侵入负责监督联邦雇员的美国政府人事管理局的某些数据库。未透露姓名的美国政府官员说，该机构发现威胁后，阻止了黑客进入管理局的电脑系统。

《纽约时报》说，目前还不清楚人事管理局电脑系统遭到入侵的程度。申请安全许可者需在申请表上填写海外关系，以及是否吸毒等个人信息。

美国国土安全部一名官员证实人事管理局的电脑系统确实遭到黑客入侵，但是说，该机构或国土安全部门都没有确定 “个人身份信息”被盗。

美国检察官三个月起诉中国人民解放军某单位的一伙中国黑客，指控他们在网上窃取美国公司的商业机密。解放军的这个单位还被指责侵入美国国防部长办公室等美国政府部门的电脑系统。

黑客入侵问题是美中两国的一个主要争论之一。前美国国家安全局合同工斯诺登泄漏的证据显示，美国国家安全局也曾截听中国领导人和军方谈话。

Chinese hackers gained access to personnel files of US federal employees

A report in The New York Times Thursday says the newspaper has learned from U.S. government officials that Chinese computer hackers attempted to gain access to the personnel files of tens of thousands of federal employees who have applied for top secret security clearances.

The report says the hackers gained access back in March to some of the databases of the Office of Personnel Management, the agency that oversees the federal workforce. The unnamed officials say authorities detected the threat and blocked them from the OPM's computer network.

The Times says it is not yet clear how far the hackers had penetrated the agency's systems, where applicants for security clearances list personal information such as foreign contacts and past drug use.

An official with the Department of Homeland Security confirmed the attack had occurred, but said neither OPM nor Homeland Security had "identified any loss of personally identifiable information."

U.S. prosecutors last month indicted a group of Chinese hackers working for a unit of the People's Liberation Army and charged them with stealing corporate secrets. The same unit has been accused in the past of intrusions into U.S. government computer systems, including the office of the Defense Secretary.

Computer intrusions have been a major source of contention between the United States and China. Evidence revealed by Edward Snowden, the former contractor for the National Security Agency, shows the NSA ran programs to intercept the conversations of Chinese leaders and the military.

朝鲜拟派团出席亚运会

朝鲜提议和韩国举行会谈，商讨派遣代表团出席今年晚些时候在韩国举行的亚运会。朝鲜奥委会官员说，双方工作级别会谈可能会在下星期二在位于朝韩边境的板门店举行。

负责处理对朝鲜事务的韩国统一部官员说，韩国正在考虑朝鲜的建议，并将在星期四晚些时候作出答复。

目前尚不清楚双方的会谈将触及哪些议题。不过，双方可能会讨论朝鲜代表团的后勤安排。

平壤计划派出一个由150名运动员组成的代表团和一个拉拉队出席亚运会。本届亚运会将于今年9月底至10月初在韩国仁川举行。

这将是过去9年来朝鲜首次派遣拉拉队赴韩国参加体育活动。朝鲜官员说，朝鲜派遣代表团将有助于改善双边关系。朝鲜最近的一系列导弹试射使朝韩关系受到负面影响。

North Korea proposes sending delegation to the Asian Games

North Korea has proposed talks on its plan to send a delegation to the Asian Games being held later this year in South Korea. The North's Olympic Committee said the working-level talks could be held next Tuesday in the border village of Panmunjom.

South Korea's Unification Ministry, which handles relations with the North, says it is considering the offer and will respond later Thursday.

It is not clear what exactly would be discussed in the proposed talks, though logistical issues for the northern delegation could be one topic.

Pyongyang plans to send 150 athletes and a squad of cheerleaders to the games, which are being held in Incheon in late September and early October.

It would be the first time in nine years that North Korea has sent a cheerleading squad to a South Korean athletic event. North Korea says the delegation is meant to improve bilateral relations that have suffered amid a series of recent missile tests by the North.