**中国的救援破冰船或被困南极冰面**

一艘俄罗斯科学考察船在南极浮冰中被困一个多星期后，船上52名乘客已全部被直升机安全撤离，但目前担心参与营救行动的中国破冰船“雪龙号”也会困在冰面。

“雪龙号”船员星期五说，他们担心这艘破冰船在停止航行数天后，是否能从厚厚的冰层中驶过。“雪龙号”上的直升机完成了撤离俄罗斯科考船乘客的行动。

澳大利亚海事安全局说，澳大利亚破冰船“南极光号”已经接到指示，要暂时留在该地区，以备“雪龙号”需要帮助。“南极光号”负责把获救乘客送到澳大利亚。澳大利亚海事
安全局说，“雪龙号”将于星期六清晨尝试驶过冰层，那时的潮汐条件比较有利。

Chinese Rescue Icebreaker May be Mired in Antarctic Ice

All 52 passengers aboard a Russian research ship stuck in ice for over a week in Antarctica were airlifted to safety Thursday, but now there are concerns that a Chinese vessel involved in the rescue has also gotten stuck.

On Friday, the crew of the Chinese icebreaker Snow Dragon, which provided the helicopter used in the airlift, said they were worried about their ship's ability to move through the thick sea ice after remaining stationary for several days.

The Australian Maritime Safety Authority says the Australian icebreaker Aurora Australis, tasked with taking the rescued passengers back to Australia, has been instructed to stay in the area temporarily in case the Snow Dragon needs help. The Authority said the crew of the Chinese ship will attempt to break through to open water early Saturday when tidal conditions are more favorable.

×以色列的沙龙病情恶化×
以色列前总理沙龙的健康进一步恶化，医院当局目前表示他的状况正在缓慢、稳步地下降。

特哈休莫医院的负责人基夫.罗特斯坦星期五说，沙龙的肾脏和其他重要器官的功能已经紊乱。

这家医院星期四说，现年85岁的前以色列领导人健康状况堪忧。沙龙自2006年在政治权力顶峰时期出现的一次中风后一直昏迷。

沙龙是以色列一位标志性人物也是最具争议的领导人之一。2005年中期，他指挥了一次从加沙地带单方撤离以色列军队和定居者的行动，结束了持续了38年对该地区的军事控制。

沙龙的举动被很多人认为是一个令人震惊的转变，因为他曾是在被占领的巴勒斯坦领地上建造犹太人定居点的一名主导者。
Israel's Sharon in a Decline

Former Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon's health has deteriorated further, with hospital officials now saying he is in a "slow, steady decline."

The director of the Tel Hashomer hospital (, Zeev Rotstein,) said Friday that Mr. Sharon's kidneys and other vital organs are now malfunctioning.

The hospital said Thursday the 85-year-old former Israeli leader was in critical condition. He has been in a coma since suffering a stroke in 2006 at the height of his political power.

Mr. Sharon was one of Israel's most iconic and controversial figures. In mid-2005, he directed a unilateral withdrawal of Israeli troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip, ending a 38-year military control of the territory.

It was considered by many to be a shocking turnaround for a man who had been a leading player in building Jewish settlements in captured Palestinian territories.