Hollande: Global Response Needed Against Islamic State

French President Francois Hollande says Islamic State militants pose a global threat that requires a global response.

Mr. Hollande said Monday there is "no time to lose" as he and Iraqi President Fouad Massoum opened a conference in Paris focusing on peace and security in Iraq.

The meeting includes officials from about 30 countries, the United Nations, European Union and the Arab League. It is the latest step in an effort to build a coalition to battle the Islamic State group, which has taken over large areas in northern and western Iraq as well as eastern Syria.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is taking part in the conference after spending days meeting with leaders in the Middle East.

He said Sunday that a growing number of countries are prepared to join the fight, including several Arab Nations offering to give military assistance and carry out airstrikes, if needed.

**奥朗德：国际社会需联手打击伊斯兰国**

法国总统奥朗德说，伊斯兰国激进分子对全世界构成威胁，国际社会必须共同应对。

奥朗德星期一表示，已经没有时间可供浪费。星期一，奥朗德和伊拉克总统马苏姆在巴黎共同主持一次会议，重点讨论伊拉克的和平与安全问题。

出席此次会议的有来自约30个国家以及联合国、欧盟以及阿盟的代表，这是为建立一个打击伊斯兰国激进分子的国际联盟而做的最新努力。伊斯兰国激进分子占领了伊拉克北部和西部以及叙利亚东部的大片地区。

美国国务卿克里出席这次会议，此前他与中东地区领导人进行了数日会谈。

克里星期日说，越来越多的国家准备参与打击伊斯兰国激进分子的行动，包括中东以及其他地区的一些国家愿意提供军事援助，并准备在必要时发动空袭。

但伊拉克总统马苏姆对美联社说，阿拉伯国家不必采取空袭行动。他表示，这些国家需要做的事就是参与本次会议的决策。

Record Hurricane Slams Mexico's Baja California Resorts

Thousands of people are taking shelter in luxury hotels after Hurricane Odile crashed into the Los Cabos resort in northwestern Mexico.

The storm, the strongest on record to make landfall on the Baja California peninsula, had maximum sustained winds of 205-kilometers per hour when it made hit late Sunday.

The U.S. National Hurricane Center said early Monday the storm could drop up to 30 centimeters of rain as it moves north along the resort-packed peninsula before gradually weakening and moving away by late Friday.

Forecasters warn the storm creates the potential for life-threatening floods and mudslides.

飓风袭击墨西哥旅游胜地

飓风“奥迪尔”袭击墨西哥西北部旅游胜地洛斯卡沃斯，数千人进入豪华酒店躲避。

“奥迪尔”是下加利福尼亚半岛有记录以来最强的一次飓风，星期天晚间登陆时，最大持续风力为每小时205公里。

美国国家飓风中心星期一早上说，飓风沿布满度假村的半岛向北移动，带来近30厘米的降雨。之后将逐渐减弱，星期五晚上移出墨西哥。

天气预报警告说，风暴可能造成危及生命的洪水和泥石流。