共和党对奥巴马讲话的回应聚焦经济和“机会不平等”

美国国会来自华盛顿州的众议员罗杰斯代表共和党回应奥巴马总统的国情咨文，重点谈到她所说的“机会不平等”问题。

罗杰斯说，奥巴马关注的重点是收入不平等，而奥巴马政府的政策正在使人民目前的生活和他们希望的生活之间的差距不断加大。

她说，共和党人的计划能够在不必增加政府开支的情况下提高就业，改善教育和培训项目，让人们为工作岗位做更充分的准备。

罗杰斯还表示，共和党人希望通过降低税率和提供更负担得起的能源和医疗，让工人们能够支配他们工资单上更多的钱。

罗杰斯还简单地谈到希望解决美国的移民改革。她说，改革必须从加强边防开始。

Republican Response to Obama Focuses on Economy, 'Opportunity Inequality'
U.S. Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington state focused on addressing what she called "opportunity inequality" as she gave the Republican response to President Barack Obama's State of the Union speech.

She said Obama is focused instead on inequalities in income, and that his administration's policies are widening the gap between where people's lives stand now and where they want to

The congresswoman said Republicans have plans to add jobs without increasing government spending, and to improve education and training programs to better prepare people for the workforce.

She also said Republicans want to let workers keep more of their paychecks through lower taxes, and more affordable energy and healthcare.

She also briefly highlighted a desire to address the nation's immigration system, saying reforms must begin by securing the country's borders.

阿富汗总统否认曾指责美国支持“叛乱式”袭击
阿富汗政府否认了一些关于阿美关系的报道。这些报道说，阿富汗政府怀疑美国援助“叛乱式”袭击，以损害阿富汗政府。

卡尔扎伊总统的发言人法伊兹星期二说，没有证据证明美国策划了最近在首都喀布尔一个黎巴嫩餐馆的自杀式袭击。

在华盛顿邮报星期二的一篇文章中，一些没有透露姓名的阿富汗高官说，阿富汗总统卡尔扎伊手中有一个“数十起袭击”的单子，他认为美国政府可能参与了这些袭击，以削弱他本人的地位并造成阿富汗的不稳定。

文章援引美国驻阿富汗大使詹姆斯•坎宁安的话说，这种说法是与现实脱节的地地道道的阴谋论。

Afghan President Denies Blaming US for 'Insurgent-Style' Attacks
The Afghan government is denying reports that it suspects the United States of aiding "insurgent-style" attacks in an effort to undermine the government.

A spokesman for President Hamid Karzai, Aimal Faizi, said Tuesday there is no evidence to prove the United States is behind the recent suicide attack on a Lebanese restaurant in the capital, Kabul

In an article published Tuesday by The Washington Post, unnamed senior Afghan officials said Afghan President Karzai has a list of "dozens of attacks" he believes the U.S government may have been involved in an attempt to weaken him and foment instability in the country.

U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan James Cunningham is quoted in the article as describing the allegations as "deeply conspiratorial" and "divorced from reality".