乌克兰对亚努科维奇发出逮捕令

乌克兰已向被推翻的总统亚努科维奇发出逮捕令,指责他和其他官员大规模杀害抗议民众。

代理内务部长阿尔森·阿瓦科夫星期一在脸书(Facebook)上发表的一份声明宣布了颁发逮捕令的消息。他说，人们最后一次看到亚努科维奇时，他在亲俄罗斯的乌克兰克什米尔地区，不过这位被赶下台的前乌克兰领导人具体在什么地方，目前还不得而知。

与此同时，欧盟外交政策主管凯瑟琳·阿什顿星期一前往乌克兰。她计划会晤新的临时领导层，他们希望和欧盟发展更紧密的关系。

乌克兰国内两派分裂，有的支持同欧盟发展关系，有的希望靠拢俄罗斯。去年11月，总统亚努科维奇退出了与欧盟的一项贸易协议，随即引发了抗议风潮，亚努科维奇最终被赶下了台。

星期日，议长亚历山大·图奇诺夫出任乌克兰临时总统。在星期日夜晚的一次讲话中，他特别提到了基辅独立广场的示威，并强调说，乌克兰计划向欧盟靠近。

Ukraine Issues Arrest Warrant for Yanukovych

Ukraine has issued an arrest warrant for ousted president Viktor Yanukovych, accusing him and other officials of mass murder of protesters.

Acting interior minister Arsen Avakhov announced the warrant in a Facebook statement Monday. He said Mr. Yanukovych was last seen in the pro-Russian Crimea region of Ukraine, but the ousted leader's exact whereabouts are not clear.

Meanwhile, European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton travels Monday to Ukraine where she is due to meet with new interim leaders who want their country to forge closer ties with the EU.

There is split support in the country between those who want Ukraine to favor relations with Europe and those who want closer ties with Russia. Ousted president Yanukovych backed out of a trade deal with the EU in November, setting off protests that led to him being kicked out of office.

Parliament speaker Oleksandr Turchynov became Ukraine's interim president Sunday. He highlighted the demonstrations in Kyiv's Independence Square and stressed the plan to embrace the EU in an address Sunday night.


**报道：美国陆军规模将削减至二战前水平**

《纽约时报》报道说，奥巴马政府正准备把美国陆军削减到1940年第二次世界大战爆发前以来的最小规模。

不透露姓名的五角大楼官员对《纽时》说，国防部长哈格尔将要求在今后几年内，把美国陆军官兵人数削减到44万到45万之间。

五角大楼之前已经计划削减陆军兵力。美国陆军在2001年9/11恐怖袭击事件后扩大到了57万人。

哈格尔还将要求废弃空军整个A-10攻击机编队，这种飞机的设计用途是摧毁前苏联的坦克。

这些削减计划将在星期一宣布。

《纽约时报》说，哈格尔的建议反映了削减整体政府开支的努力，也反映了奥巴马总统提出的结束成本高昂的伊拉克和阿富汗战争的承诺。有关官员说，削减方案将使美军保持打败任何敌人的能力，但这种兵力规模太小，难以支撑旷日持久的海外行动。

Report: US Army to Shrink to Pre-World War Two Levels

The New York Times says the Obama administration is preparing to shrink the U.S. Army to its smallest size since before World War II.

Pentagon officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told the Times Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel will call for reducing the number of soldiers to between 440,000 and 450,000 over the coming years.

The Pentagon was already planning to cut the size of the Army, which had grown to 570,000 in the wake of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.

Hagel will also call for eliminating an entire fleet of Air Force attack aircraft designed to destroy tanks deployed by the former Soviet Union.

The proposed cuts will be announced on Monday.

The Times says Hagel's proposal reflects a new push to reduce overall government spending, as well as President Barack Obama's pledge to end the costly wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Officials say the reductions will result in a military capable of defeating any adversary, but too small for lengthy foreign operations.