创纪录的严寒冷冻了美国大片地区


美国东部和南部数千所学校因严寒天气而停课关门，之前美国中西部变得天寒地冻，冷空气星期二向东部和南部移动。

星期二，波士顿、纽约、费城和华盛顿等东部主要城市预计将迎来低于摄氏零下10度的低温，加上寒风效应，天气格外寒冷。

甚至连平时气候温暖的佛罗里达州和南部的得克萨斯州，预计气温都将低于正常值大约20度。

很多城市已经决定星期二关闭学校。暴露在如此寒冷的气温下，几分钟内就会被冻伤。

Record Cold Freezes Much of US

Thousands of schools across the eastern and southern United States were closed Tuesday as a bitter cold front moved into the area after freezing the midwestern section of the country.

Forecasters say temperatures will plunge well below minus 10 degrees Celsius in Washington, D.C., New York, Philadelphia and Boston, while the wind chill, which is the temperature feels like during a strong wind, will be far lower.

The frigid weather is also reaching into the so-called Deep South, including Florida and southern Texas, which usually enjoy moderate temperatures during the cold weather season.

Authorities have decided to close schools to keep children safe from exposure to the extreme cold, which could lead to frostbite within minutes if skin is left exposed.

**反对派示威者争取民众支持“曼谷关闭” **

泰国反政府抗议者星期二在曼谷游行示威，为下星期更大规模的抗议集会造势。 反政府势力希望下星期的示威会造成首都瘫痪，迫使总理英拉辞职。

27岁的抗议者纳普拉帕说，她支持反对派要求英拉下台，把权力交给一个非选举产生的人民委员。

由前副总理索贴领导的反政府运动计划于下星期一举行大规模抗议示威，造成主要公路堵塞，使政府部门无法办公。

泰国总理英拉已经解散了议会。她要求提前举行选举，并建议成立全国改革委员会，由该委员会来解决持续了一个月的政治危机。

但是反对派说，这是不够的。他们要求在选举前进行改革。 分析人士认为， 如果举行选举，英拉的执政党很可能获胜。

Thai Opposition Protesters Rally Support for 'Bangkok Shutdown'

Anti-government protesters marched through Bangkok Tuesday, rallying support for a larger demonstration next week they hope will shut down the capital and force the prime minister to resign.

One of the protesters, 27-year-old Naprapat Phrompipatpakdee, said she supports the opposition's call for Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to hand over power to an unelected people's council.

The protesters, led by ex-Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban, aim to paralyze the capital next Monday with mass demonstrations that will block main highways and prevent government offices from functioning.

Prime Minister Yingluck has dissolved parliament, called for early elections, and proposed the formation of a national reform council as a way to resolve the months-long political crisis.

But the opposition has said this is not enough, saying reforms must take place before elections, which analysts say the prime minister's ruling party is likely to win.