Iraqi Forces Break Siege of Northern Town

VOA News

Iraqi officials say their forces broke through Sunday to the jihadist-besieged northern town of Amerli, where thousands of people have been trapped for over two months with dwindling food, water and medical supplies.

The U.S. Defense Department says the United States conducted airstrikes Saturday against the Islamic State militants around Amerli and dropped humanitarian aid to those trapped in the town.

Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby said in a statement the U.S. Air Force delivered the aid alongside aircraft from Australia, France and Britain.

Kirby said the U.S. military conducted coordinated airstrikes against nearby Islamic State terrorists to support the humanitarian assistance operation.

伊拉克军队攻克被激进分子围困城镇

美国之音

伊拉克官员说，政府军星期天打进被伊斯兰圣战武装围困的北部城镇阿莫里。城里成千上万的居民已经被围困了两个多月，缺乏足够的食物、水或医药。

美国国防部说，美国星期六对阿莫里附近的伊斯兰国激进分子进行了空中打击，并向被困在阿莫里的民众空投了人道救援物品。

五角大楼新闻发言人科比海军准将发布声明说，美国空军与澳大利亚、法国和英国派出的飞机一道运送了救援品。

科比说，美国为保护运送人道救援的行动对附近的伊斯兰国恐怖分子实施了有计划的空中打击。

Police Attack Journalists Covering Pakistan Protests

VOA News

Pakistani police have attacked television crews and other journalists covering clashes between anti-government protesters and police in Islamabad.

A VOA correspondent in Pakistan's capital says several cameramen with Pakistani news organizations have been wounded and reporters have been severely beaten by police.

A minister close to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has condemned the attacks on journalists, as have news organizations across the country.

Pakistan's military chief, General Raheel Sharif, has called a Sunday meeting of his corps commanders in the wake of the continued violence.

The protesters are demanding Sharif resign, alleging massive fraud in the May 2013 election that brought Sharif to power.

International observers have said the vote was largely free and fair.

巴基斯坦警察攻击报道冲突的记者

美国之音

巴基斯坦警方开始在首都伊斯兰堡镇压报道反政府示威者和警方冲突的电视以及其它媒体的记者。

在伊斯兰堡的一位美国之音记者说，巴基斯坦媒体的一些摄像人员星期天被打伤，一些记者受到警察的严厉殴打。

巴基斯坦政府一位与谢里夫总理关系密切的部长谴责对记者的打压。巴基斯坦各地的媒体也发出谴责。

星期六暴力冲突发生之后，巴基斯坦军队总司令谢里夫召开高级军事将领会议。

抗议者要求谢里夫辞职，指称谢里夫获胜的2013年5月大选存在大规模舞弊。

国际观察人士说，那次选举基本自由公正。