中国在新疆打死“一些恐怖分子”

中国警方在西部新疆地区开枪打死官方媒体所说的“一些恐怖分子”，北京表示正在新疆打击伊斯兰分离主义运动。

据官方的新华社星期五报道，另有三名激进分子被他们自己的自杀炸弹炸死。报道说，“这些恐怖分子乘坐摩托车和汽车”，在阿克苏地区乌什县的一个公园门前“袭击一组警察”。

这则简讯说，恐怖分子的车内有数量不详的试图用作自杀炸弹的液化天然气罐”。

新疆的安全部队和维吾尔少数民族穆斯林之间时而爆发冲突，这些穆斯林抱怨北京政府对他们实行宗教和文化压迫政策。

中国政府指责东突伊斯兰运动组织制造了绝大多数的袭击案件。中国表示，该组织为独立而战，受到外国极端分子的支持。

许多国际人权组织表示，中国为了证明其压制穆斯林宗教生活的合法性而夸大了威胁。

当类似冲突发生时，流亡的维族活动人士几乎毫无例外地谴责中国的高压政策导致了暴力活动。

China Kills 'Several Terrorists' in Xinjiang
Chinese police have shot dead what state media say are "several terrorists" in the western Xinjiang region where Beijing says it is fighting an Islamic separatist movement.

The official Xinhua news agency said Friday the "terrorists, riding motorbikes and cars, attacked a team of police" in front of a park in Wushi County in the Aksu Prefecture.

The brief report said the "terrorists had unknown number of LNG cylinders in their car which they had attempted to use as suicide bombs."

Clashes occasionally break out between state security forces and ethnic Uighur Muslims who complain of religious and cultural persecution by the Beijing government.

The government blames most of the attacks on the East Turkestan Islamic Movement. China says the group is fighting for independence and is backed by foreign extremists.

Many international human rights groups say China is exaggerating the threat in order to justify its repression of Muslim religious life.

When such clashes occur, exiled Uighur activists almost invariably blame China's heavy-handed police tactics for the violence.

维吉尼亚同性恋婚姻禁令被法官否决

美国一位联邦法院法官裁定维吉尼亚州的同性恋婚姻禁令违反了宪法。

美国联邦地区法院法官阿瑞达.莱特.艾伦星期四做出裁决，维吉尼亚州禁止同性恋婚姻违反了美国宪法所保障的“正当法律程序”（due process）和“平等保护”（equal protection）。不过莱特.艾伦法官同时决定暂停执行她的这项裁决，要等到裁决经过上诉后维持原判才允许同性恋结婚。

目前美国17个州加上首都华盛顿允许同性婚姻，33个州禁止同性婚姻。维吉尼亚州的这场同性婚姻之争很有可能一路打到联邦最高法院。

联邦法官莱特.艾伦说，维吉尼亚州的婚姻法拒绝同性男女选择结婚对象的基本自由，违反了宪法。

就在几个星期前奥克拉荷马州和犹他州的法官也推翻了对同性婚姻的禁令。

在印第安纳州一位法官这个星期裁决同性婚姻禁令不会在今年11月的选举中由全民公决来决定。

另外，本星期在肯塔基州，一位法官裁决，肯塔基州必须承认在其他州结婚的同性伴侣，不过法院没有裁定肯塔基州是否应该允许同性恋者结婚。

Virginia Ban on Gay Marriage Overruled

A federal judge has found the ban on gay marriage in the southeastern U.S. state of Virginia to be unconstitutional.

U.S. District Court Judge Arenda Wright Allen ruled late Thursday that Virginia's ban on same-sex marriage violates the right to due process and equal protection under the law. However, Wright Allen imposed a stay on his decision so no couples can marry before unless his ruling is upheld on appeal.

Currently, 17 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. allow same-sex marriage, while 33 states ban it. Virginia's gay marriage dispute is likely to go on to the Supreme Court.

Judge Wright Allen said Virginia's marriage laws unconstitutionally deny gay and lesbian citizens the fundamental freedom to choose to marry.

The Virginia decision comes just weeks after judges threw out bans on gay marriage in Oklahoma and in Utah.

In Indiana this week, a judge ruled that a ban on same-sex marriage will not go to a referendum vote in November.

Also this week, a judge in Kentucky ruled that the state must recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states, although the court did not rule on the the constitutionality of performing same-sex marriages in Kentucky.