中国直升机开始撤离俄罗斯科考船乘客**

一艘俄罗斯科学考察船上的数十名乘客星期四开始撤离，此前一架担任营救任务的直升机终于得以在附近冰面降落。这艘科考船被困超过一星期。

俄罗斯科考船上的科学家图尔尼放在推特上的录像画面显示，一架中国直升机正在搭载“绍卡利斯基院士号”的乘客。自圣诞夜以来，这艘科考船一直困在南极的浮冰中。

包括科学家、旅游者和记者在内的52名乘客等待登上这架直升机，每批12人。他们将被送上一艘澳大利亚破冰船，航行数星期后才能登陆。

此前直升机撤离乘客的行动因暴风雪天气而受阻。来自中国、澳大利亚和法国的破冰船都未能接近“绍卡利斯基院士号”。

Helicopter Rescue Begins for Stranded Antarctic Ship

Dozens of passengers aboard a Russian research ship stuck for over a week in Antarctic ice are being evacuated Thursday, after a rescue helicopter finally was able to land nearby.

Video posted on Twitter by Chris Turney, one of the scientists on the ship, showed a Chinese helicopter carrying passengers from the Akademik Shokalskiy, which has been stranded since Christmas Eve.

Fifty-two passengers - including scientists, tourists, and journalists - are waiting to board the helicopter, 12 at a time. They will be carried to an Australian icebreaker ship, which they will then take on a weeks-long journey to land.

Blizzard conditions hampered previous attempts to evacuate the passengers by helicopter. Icebreaker ships from China, Australia, and France had also failed to reach the Russian vessel.

**穆沙拉夫前往法院途中突发心脏病入院**

前巴基斯坦总统穆沙拉夫在前去法院的途中被紧急送往医院，这是他第三次未能按时出庭接受叛国罪审判。

警官莫哈默德星期四对法庭说，穆沙拉夫在被送往法院途中突发心脏病。穆沙拉夫被送到附近城市拉瓦尔品第的一家军队心脏病医院。

去年12月24日和星期三，在穆沙拉夫的家通往伊斯兰堡法院的路上发现爆炸装置，因此穆沙拉夫未能按时出庭受审。

星期四早些时候，穆沙拉夫的律师曼苏尔走出法院，声称受到政府的骚扰。曼苏尔说，由于他家外面很乱，使他无法入睡。穆沙拉夫的另一位律师也抱怨说，他曾受到威胁。

Musharraf, En Route to Trial, Rushed to Hospital

Former Pakistani leader Pervez Musharraf has been rushed to the hospital on his way to court, the third time he has missed a court appearance in his treason trial.

Police official Jan Mohammad told the court Thursday that Mr. Musharraf suffered a heart problem while being transported to his trial. He was taken to the Armed Forces Institute of Cardiology in nearby Rawalpindi.

Mr. Musharraf has previously missed court dates -- on Wednesday and on December 24 -- because of explosives found on his route from home to the court in Islamabad.

Earlier Thursday, one of Mr. Musharraf's lawyers walked out of court, complaining of harassment by the government. Attorney Anwar Mansoor said he had been unable to sleep because of disturbances outside his home. Another Musharraf lawyer complained that he had been threatened.