British Prime Minister David Cameron has vowed to defeat the threat posed by Islamic State militants following the beheading of a British aid worker by the group.

Mr. Cameron spoke in London Sunday, one day after the group released a video showing the killing of David Haines.

He said the 44-year-old father of two was murdered in the most callous way imaginable by Islamic State, a group Mr. Cameron described as the "embodiment of evil." The prime minister vowed to hunt down and bring to justice those who killed Haines.

Mr. Cameron said Islamic State is a fanatical organization that is planning attacks across Europe. He said it claims to act in the name of Islam, but he stressed that Islamic State militants "are not Muslims, they are monsters."

Mr. Cameron said Britain must confront the menace of Islamic State and will do so by working with the Iraqi and Kurdish regional government, continuing to provide humanitarian aid to those who have fled the group, and continuing to support U.S. military actions against Islamic State militants.

In the execution video released by Islamic State, Haines' hooded executioner blames the British prime minister for joining forces with the United States against the group. The executioner warned that the decision will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."

英国首相誓言将击败伊斯兰国

美国之音

一名英国救援人员被伊斯兰国斩首之后，首相卡梅伦誓言将摧毁伊斯兰国激进分子的威胁。

卡梅伦首相星期天在伦敦发表讲话的一天前，伊斯兰国公布了杀死英国救援人员海恩斯的视频。卡梅伦说，44岁、两个孩子的父亲海恩斯被伊斯兰国以最残暴的方式谋杀，是赤裸裸的邪恶行径。他表示，定将追剿杀死海恩斯的凶手，把他们绳之以法。

卡梅伦说，伊斯兰国是一个策划在欧洲各地发动攻击的狂热组织，声称是为了伊斯兰。但是卡梅伦强调说，伊斯兰国激进分子不是穆斯林，而是魔鬼。他还 说，英国必须迎击伊斯兰国的威胁，与伊拉克政府和库尔德地方政府一道努力，继续提供人道救援，帮助那些脱离伊斯兰国组织的人，并继续支持美国打击伊斯兰国 激进分子的行动。

在伊斯兰国公布的视频中，杀死海恩斯的蒙面人指称英国首相卡梅伦和美国联手对付伊斯兰国，并警告说，这一决定会把英国人民再次拖入“一场血腥而无法打赢的战争”。

N. Korea Jails American for 6 Years at Hard Labor

VOA News

North Korea has sentenced detained American Matthew Miller to six years of hard labor on a conviction of "hostile acts" against Pyongyang.

Miller, in his mid-20s, was arrested in April after ripping up his visa at immigration and demanding asylum in North Korea.

After a brief session Sunday morning, Miller was denied the possibility of appeal.

A trial is also expected soon for Jeffrey Fowle who entered the North as a tourist and was arrested in May for leaving a Bible at a provincial club.

A third U.S. citizen, Korean-American missionary Kenneth Bae, is serving out a 15-year sentence for what Pyongyang says are "hostile acts" intended to overthrow the government.

朝鲜判处一美国公民六年劳动教养

美国之音

朝鲜判处美国公民米勒6年劳动教养，指控其有反朝敌对行为。二十多岁的米勒今年4月进入朝鲜后撕毁了他的签证，要求在朝鲜得到庇护。

米勒星期天受到短暂审判，没有获准上诉。预计朝鲜很快将审判以游客身份入境的另一位美国人福尔。福尔今年5月在当地一个俱乐部留下一本圣经后被逮捕。

此外，韩裔美国公民裴俊浩正在朝鲜服15年徒刑。朝鲜指控裴俊浩有反朝敌对行为，试图推翻朝鲜政府。