委内瑞拉抗议者首都游行 要求公投罢免马杜罗

星期四，委内瑞拉总统尼古拉斯·马杜罗的成千上万反对者在首都卡拉卡斯的大街上游行示威，其中有些人是从亚马逊州的偏远山村赶来的。

一些抗议者高喊：“委内瑞拉正在挨饿！”他们穿着一身白，在首都东部游行。

抗议者迫切要求一场针对总统的罢免公投，马杜罗的支持率今年已经暴跌到25%。

反对派希望星期四首都的游行能有百万人参加，这些人厌倦了委内瑞拉持续的衰退、三位数的通胀率、以及全国范围的食物和基本生活必需品的短缺。

马杜罗威胁说，如果发生暴力冲突，将会把反对派领袖关进监狱，不过反对党民主团结联盟(Democratic Unity Roudtable)领导人赫苏斯·托雷亚尔瓦(Jesus Torrealba)誓言，游行会保持和平。

但是选举委员会拖拖拉拉，今年内举行罢免公投不太可能实现。

Protesters March Through Caracas Demanding Recall Vote for Maduro

Hundreds of thousands of opponents of Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro, some of whom traveled from far-off villages in the Amazon, marched through the streets of Caracas Thursday.

"Venezuela is hungry!" yelled some of the protestors, all dressed in white, as they marched in the east of the capital.

Protesters are pressing for a recall referendum against the president, whose approval ratings have fallen to a dismal 25 percent this year.

The opposition was hoping for one million people weary of ongoing recession, inflation in the triple digits, and a countrywide shortage of food and basic necessities to march through the capital Thursday.

Maduro threatened to imprison opposition leaders if violence breaks out, but Jesus Torrealba, opposition party Democratic Unity Roundtable leader, has vowed that marches will remain peaceful.

But the election board has dragged its feet, making a recall vote this year unlikely.

美增加制裁俄37个在乌克兰与克里米亚活动的个人与公司

由于俄罗斯对乌克兰反叛分子的持续支持和2014年对克里米亚的占领，美国宣布对俄罗斯增加额外制裁。

美国财政部星期四在一份声明中说，其黑名单上又新指定了37名制裁对象，它们包括在克里米亚和乌克兰活动的一些个人和公司。

美国财政部负责制裁事务的外国资产管制办公室（OFAC）临时主任约翰·史密斯说：“俄罗斯不顾其在《明斯克协议》上的承诺，继续在乌克兰东部挑起动荡。”

史密斯说：“美国财政部与美国的伙伴一道，谴责俄罗斯对国际法的侵犯，我们将继续制裁那些威胁乌克兰和平、安全与主权的人。”

财政部表示，这一动作伴随的是欧盟最近延长对俄罗斯的部门性制裁的决定，这些行动显示出“国际社会在反对俄罗斯在乌克兰的行为上继续保持团结”。

包括PJSC Mostotrest和SGM-Most这两家建筑公司在内的俄罗斯公司被列入美国的黑名单，它们协助建造了连接俄罗斯和克里米亚半岛的大桥。

俄罗斯重型机械集团公司（OMZ OAO）因为与天然气工业银行（Gazprombank）的联系而被制裁，后者在2014年就已经受到制裁。

俄油气领域巨头俄罗斯天然气工业股份公司（Gazprom）的几家子公司也被加入到制裁名单上。

名单上新增加的还有CJSC ABR资产管理公司，它和已经被制裁的俄罗斯银行（Bank Rossiya）关系密切，后者经常被戏称为总统普京和他小圈子的私人银行。

乌克兰东部自行宣布成立的“顿涅茨克人民共和国”和“卢甘斯克人民共和国”的六名官员也被列入美国财政部的黑名单。美国还制裁了11名克里米亚官员，包括几名部长。

俄罗斯官员过去曾表示，对俄罗斯在克里米亚的行为实施制裁破坏了解决冲突的努力。

US Sanctions 37 New Individuals and Firms Operating in Ukraine and Crimea

The United States announced additional sanctions aimed at Russia over its continuing support for Ukraine's rebels and the 2014 annexation of Crimea.

The Department of the Treasury said in a statement Thursday it designated 37 new individuals and companies operating in Crimea and Ukraine for the sanctions blacklist.

“Russia continues to provoke instability in eastern Ukraine despite its Minsk commitments,” said John Smith, acting director of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ((OFAC)), in charge of levying sanctions.

“Treasury stands with our partners in condemning Russia’s violation of international law, and we will continue to sanction those who threaten Ukraine’s peace, security, and sovereignty,” Smith said.

According to the Treasury, the move follows the recent extension of European Union sectoral sanctions, and that together these steps demonstrate "continued international unity in opposing Russia’s actions in Ukraine."

Russian companies, including construction firms PJSC Mostotrest and SGM-Most, were added to the U.S. blacklist for their assistance in construction of a bridge from Russia to the Crimean peninsula.

Russian engineering firm OMZ OAO was sanctioned for its connections to Gazprombank, which was itself sanctioned in 2014.

Several subsidiaries of Russian gas giant Gazprom were also added to the sanctions list.

Newly blacklisted was CJSC ABR Management, an asset management firm closely linked to already-sanctioned Bank Rossiya, often called the personal bank of President Vladimir Putin and members of his closest circle.

Six officials of the self-proclaimed pro-Russian Donetsk People's Republic and Luhansk People's Republic in eastern Ukraine were entered into Treasury’s blacklist as well.

The U.S. also sanctioned 11 Crimean officials, including top ministers.

Russian officials have said in the past that sanctions levied over its actions in Ukraine have undermined efforts to resolve the conflict.