英外交大臣近60年来首次访问古巴

英国外交大臣哈蒙德星期四会晤古巴官员，讨论英古两国之间的贸易和旅游事宜。这是英国外交大臣自1959年以来首次访问古巴。

哈蒙德星期四晚上抵达古巴后表示，英国愿与古巴增进关系，并签署了几项能源、教育和金融服务领域的合作协议。

英国贸易工业部的数字显示，英国去年对古巴的出口额增加了25%。哈蒙德表示，去年有16万英国人前往古巴旅游，人数之多仅次于加拿大。

按照预定日程，哈蒙德访问古巴期间将进行几次“高层会晤”，讨论社会及经济改革、人权以及应对寨卡病毒等全球健康威胁等问题。

今年3月，美国总统奥巴马访问了古巴，这是1928年以来美国总统对古巴的首次访问。

UK Foreign Secretary Visits Cuba for First Time in Nearly 60 Years

Britain’s foreign secretary met with Cuban officials Thursday to discuss trade and tourism ties with the communist country, marking the first visit of its kind since 1959.

Upon landing in Cuba late Thursday, Philip Hammond said Britain is ready to strengthen its ties with the small island nation, and signed several cooperation agreements on energy, education and financial services.

Last year, according to the British Department of Trade and Industry, exports to Cuba rose by 25 percent. Also last year, according to Hammond, Britain was the second largest country of origin for tourists to Cuba, trailing only Canada, with 160,000 Britons making the trip.

Hammond is scheduled to participate in several “high-level meetings” while in Cuba to discuss social and economic changes, human rights and the fight against global health threats such as the Zika virus.

Hammond’s visit to Cuba follows a March visit by U.S. President Barack Obama – the first president to visit Cuba since 1928.

苹果iPhone销量13年来首次下降

总部设在加利福尼亚州的苹果公司公布的数字显示，iPhone销量13年来首次下跌，让这个世界上最盈利的公司的股价随之下滑。

苹果公司首席执行官库克将iPhone盈利减少的原因归结为中国经济面临困难，但分析人士认为还有其他因素，包括智能手机市场日趋饱和以及新产品的匮乏。

目前世界上有20多亿人拥有智能手机，其中将近五分之一是iPhone。iPhone的成功是帮助苹果公司跻身全球技术前列的关键因素，但人们大排长龙等候购买下一代iPhone的日子可能已经过去了。

Apple’s First Sales Decline in 13 Years

The world's most profitable company became less valuable this week when California-based Apple Inc. reported the first decline in iPhone sales in 13 years.

Apple CEO Tim Cook blames the struggling Chinese economy for Apple's weaker earnings, but analysts say other factors may be at play including the increasing saturation in the smartphone market and a shortage of new products.

More than two billion people around the world own a smartphone – nearly one in five of them are iPhones. The phone’s success has been key to Apple’s transformation into a global technology leader, but the days of people lining up around the block for the next great iPhone may be over.