朝鲜试射导弹 显示技术进步

朝鲜最近的导弹试射显示金正恩政府无视联合国制裁，继续研发弹道导弹技术。

星期三，平壤从沿海城市元山进行了朝鲜的第5次和第6次舞水端中程导弹试射。美国和韩国军事官员说，第1枚导弹在发射后不久即宣告失败，但第2枚导弹在飞行大约400公里后，才落入日本海水域。

最后一次试射没有达到舞水端导弹3000公里的设计射程，这种导弹具有涵盖美国亚太军事基地的潜力。看来舞水端导弹也没有展示出重入大气层的能力，而必须具备这种能力，才能精准打击目标。但分析人士说，朝鲜继续从失败中学习，每次新的试射都有进步。

韩国媒体说，据信朝鲜拥有多达30枚舞水端导弹，从2007年左右开始进入部署。朝鲜于今年4月首次试射舞水端导弹。

联合国安理会通过决议，禁止朝鲜使用弹道导弹技术和发展核武器。朝鲜进行第4次核试验并发射一枚远程火箭后，联合国对朝鲜实施了新的严厉制裁。

东京表示，将对朝鲜违反联合国决议提出强烈抗议。

韩国把朝鲜试射导弹视为针对韩国的挑衅，并敦促平壤约束自己的行为。

美国国务院发言人柯比谴责朝鲜试射导弹，并表示美国准备在联合国提出对这一事态的关注，增强国际社会的决心，让朝鲜为自己的挑衅行为负责。

North Korea's Missile Tests Show Real Progress

North Korea's latest missile tests indicate the Kim Jong Un government is continuing to advance its ballistic missile technology, in defiance of United Nations sanctions.

Pyongyang conducted its fifth and sixth test of the intermediate-range Musudan missile on Wednesday from the coastal city of Wonsan. U.S. and South Korean military officials said the first missile failed shortly after it was launched but the second missile flew approximately 400 kilometers before falling into the Sea of Japan.

The last missile tested did not reach the 3,000-kilometer distance the Musudan is designed for, to potentially reach U.S. military bases in Asia and the Pacific. It apparently also did not demonstrate the atmospheric re-entry capability needed to accurately hit a target. But analysts said North Korea continues to learn from each failure and is making advancements with each new test.

According to South Korean media, North Korea is believed to have up to 30 Musudan missiles, which officials said were first deployed around 2007. The first Musudan test occurred in April of this year.

U.N. Security Council resolutions ban North Korea from using ballistic missile technology and developing nuclear weapons. The United Nations imposed tough new sanctions on North in March for conducting its fourth nuclear test and launching a long-range rocket.

Tokyo said it would issue a strong protest against North Korea for its latest violation of United Nations resolutions.

South Korea called the missile test a clear provocation “against us” and urged Pyongyang to exercise restraint.

U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby condemned the launch, and said the United States intended to "raise our concerns at the U.N. to bolster international resolve in holding the DPRK (Democratic People’s Republic of Korea) accountable for these provocative actions."

伊朗与波音签署购买客机的初步协议

美国飞机制造业巨头波音公司与伊朗签署一项出售客机的初步协议，这将是美国和伊朗之间37年来的最大一笔交易。

这笔交易价值高达250亿美元，伊朗将为其国营航空公司购买至少100架商用喷气客机。

伊朗最近签署了核协议之后，针对伊朗的绝大部分经济制裁已经取消，伊朗航空公司准备扩大机队。该航空公司已经与欧洲联合企业空中客车飞机公司签署了购买客机的协议。

波音公司表示，奥巴马政府确认伊朗正在履行核协议义务后，批准了与伊朗的初步协议。

波音公司星期二的一份声明说，“波音公司在与伊朗航空公司合作过程中，将继续服从美国政府的领导。与伊朗航空公司达成的任何和所有合同都将有待美国政府的批准。”

Iran Signs Tentative Deal with Boeing to Buy Passenger Jets

U.S. aerospace giant Boeing has signed a tentative deal to sell passenger jets to Iran, in what would be the biggest business deal between the U.S. and Iran in 37 years.

The transaction would be worth as much as $25 billion, with Iran buying at least 100 commercial jets for its state-owned airline.

With most economic sanctions against Iran lifted after it signed the recent nuclear deal, Iran Air is ready to expand its fleet. It already has made a pending deal with the European consortium Airbus for passenger planes.

Boeing says the Obama administration approved its initial deal with Iran after determining that Tehran is meeting its obligations under the nuclear agreement.

"Boeing will continue to follow the lead of the U.S. government with regards to working with Iran's airlines, and any and all contracts with Iran's airlines will be contingent upon U.S. government approval," a company statement said Tuesday.