川普邀俄罗斯黑客去克林顿电脑寻找失踪电邮

美国共和党总统候选人川普星期三鼓励俄罗斯潜入他的民主党对手希拉里·克林顿的电邮服务器，寻找克林顿担任国务卿时失踪的那三万条电子邮件。

川普对媒体说，“要是看到那些电邮会很有意思。我要告诉你，俄罗斯，如果你在听的话，我希望你们能够找到这三万千条失踪的电邮。我想你们可能会从我们的媒体那里得到丰厚的回报。”

川普说，莫斯科“可能”已经掌握了这些电邮，克林顿认为这些是她的私人电邮，并从2009年到2013年她在奥巴马总统第一届任期内担任国务卿期间使用的电邮服务器上给删除了。

川普说，俄罗斯或许已经拿到了这些电邮。“我希望这些电邮能公布于众。。。如果俄罗斯、中国或者其他什么国家掌握了这些电邮，老实说，我非常希望看到这些电邮。”

克林顿的竞选班子针对川普的声明指出，这是“一位主要的总统候选人首次积极怂恿外国政权对一名政治对手进行间谍活动。”

熟悉此事的一位美国情报官员告诉美国之音，川普的讲话对他作为共和党总统候选人即将要听取的情报汇报没有影响。

Trump Invites Russia to Hack Clinton's Computer to Find 'Missing' Emails

U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump encouraged Russia Wednesday to hack into the email server of his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, to find "the 30,000 emails that are missing" from her time as secretary of state.

“It would be interesting to see. I will tell you this, Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," Trump told reporters. "I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press."

He said Moscow "probably" already has the emails Clinton considered to be private and deleted from the private email server she used while she was the top U.S. diplomat from 2009 to 2013, during President Barack Obama's first term.

“They probably have them," Trump said. "I’d like to have them released. It gives me no pause, if they have them, they have them. If Russia or China or any other country has those emails, I mean to be honest with you, I’d love to see them.”

The Clinton campaign called Trump's statement the "first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage against a political opponent."

A U.S. intelligence official familiar with the matter told VOA that Trump's comments would have no bearing on upcoming intelligence briefings Trump will receive as the Republican presidential candidate.

维基解密公布被泄露的民主党高层语音邮件

维基解密星期三公布了据它所称从民主党全国委员会的服务器上获取的29条录音。

这些语音邮件显然是从七位民主党全国委员会成员的电邮账号中拷贝下来的，其中有些同僚对桑德斯在民主党中的影响感到不满。

报道称，一位留言者不希望这位来自佛蒙特州的联邦参议员在民主党全国代表大会上发言，并且反对桑德斯提出的该党2016年竞选纲领。

这是维基解密在过去几天里第二次公布泄露的文件。第一次恰好在民主党全国代表大会开幕之前，维基解密公布的2万份邮件，导致民主党全国代表发挥主席黛比·舒尔茨辞职。

维基解密是一个公布匿名消息人士和泄密者提供的原始文件的组织，它在公布这些文件时没有说明其消息来源。这些邮件是2015年1月到今年5月这17个月之间发送的。民主党全国代表大会6月时宣布，它的系统被黑客入侵。

民主党官员当时说，俄罗斯的黑客对这一入侵负责。

民主党全国代表大会没有就维基解密公布的电邮发表评论，但也没有质疑其真实性。

桑德斯竞选团队经理维弗尔说，电邮证实了“我们很多人已经知道一段时间的事情”，那就是，民主党全国委员会成员“积极地为克林顿助选，并试图损害桑德斯的竞选。”

WikiLeaks releases stolen audio from Top Democrats' Leaked Emails

WikiLeaks released 29 audio recordings Wednesday that it said were taken from Democratic National Committee servers.

The voicemails, apparently copied from email accounts of seven DNC members, included party associates upset by Bernie Sanders' influence on the Democratic Party.

Reports say one caller did not want the Vermont senator to speak at the Democratic National Convention and was against Sanders' choices for the party's 2016 platform.

The latest release is the second in the last few days. The release of 20,000 emails just before the opening of the Democratic convention prompted the organization's chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, to step down.

WikiLeaks, a group that publishes original documents from anonymous sources and leakers, released the data without indicating its source. The emails were sent during a 17-month period between January 2015 and May of this year. The DNC announced in June that its systems had been hacked.

Democratic officials said at that time that hackers based in Russia were responsible for the intrusion.

The party organization has not commented on the emails released by WikiLeaks, but neither has it disputed their authenticity.

The manager of Sanders' political campaign, Jeff Weaver, said the emails confirmed "what many of us have known for some time," that DNC members were "actively helping the Clinton effort and trying to hurt Bernie Sanders' campaign.''