数千人参加拳王阿里的葬礼

星期四，成千上万人聚集在肯塔基州路易斯维尔市的自由堂，参加为拳王阿里举行的传统穆斯林葬礼，参加的人有黑人、白人、穆斯林、犹太人、老人和年轻人。

这位世界闻名的传奇拳王于上周去世，享年74岁。他生前长期患有帕金森症。

阿里的追思仪式在他的故乡举行。1960年，阿里在家乡参加了自己的首场职业拳击比赛，他之前不久在罗马奥运会上荣获拳击金牌。

敬仰者称阿里体现了伊斯兰教的真正精神，那就是促进和平，并主张对任何宗教信仰的人持包容态度。

星期五将在路易斯维尔要再举行一场有各界宗教人士参加的阿里追思仪式。

Thousands Attend Funeral for Muhammad Ali

Thousands of people -- black and white, Muslims and Jews, old and young -- packed Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky Thursday for a traditional Muslim funeral for Muhammad Ali.

The boxing legend, who was known by billions around the world, died last week at age 74 after a long fight against Parkinson's disease.

His service was held in the same place in Ali's hometown where he fought his first professional match in 1960 shortly after his gold medal triumph at the Summer Olympics in Rome.

Worshippers and admirers called Ali the true face of Islam -- one that promotes peace and tolerance of people of all faiths.

Ali will be remembered again Friday at a public interfaith memorial service in Louisville.

奥巴马批准美军在阿富汗扮演新角色

美国总统奥巴马批准美国军队在阿富汗发挥更大作用，帮助阿富汗军队打击塔利班。

这项新计划经过了好几个月的辩论，内容包括在必要时增加对塔利班的空袭，同时美军在决定如何同阿富汗军队合作时将拥有更大的灵活性。新计划不涉及美军地面部队。

国际战斗部队一年多以前撤离阿富汗后，阿富汗部队孤军奋战，对抗塔利班，奥巴马总统的这项决定将再次重新定义美军在阿富汗的作用。

6个月后， 9800驻阿美军将减少到5500人，这是奥巴马在2017年前要完成的目标。

近几个月来，阿富汗军队与塔利班的战斗加剧。联合国说，2015年有3545个阿富汗平民被打死，7457个平民受伤，而其中大部分死伤都是塔利班造成的。

Obama Approves New US Military Role in Afghanistan

U.S. President Barack Obama has approved a wider role for the U.S. military in Afghanistan to help local forces combat the Taliban.

The new plan, which follows months of debate, will allow for increased airstrikes against the Taliban when necessary, and, more generally, give U.S. forces more flexibility in how they partner with Afghan forces. The plan does not involve U.S. ground troops.

The decision will once again redefine the U.S. military's role in Afghanistan more than a year after international combat troops finished their missions, leaving Afghan troops to fight the Taliban.

It also comes six months before the 9,800 U.S. troops in Afghanistan would be reduced to 5,500 - a move Obama has called to happen by 2017.

Afghanistan's fight against a resurgent Taliban has intensified in recent months. The U.N. says 3,545 Afghan citizens were killed and 7,457 were wounded in 2015 - most of them at the hands of the Taliban.