土耳其东南部14人死于冲突

土耳其军方发表声明说， 8名土耳其军人和6名被取缔的库尔德工人党成员星期五在土耳其东南部发生的冲突中死亡。该地区的大多数居民是库尔德人。

卡哈利省星期五发生冲突，6名土耳其军人被打死，8人受伤。奉派前往该地区的一架军用直升机因发生技术故障而坠毁，又有两名军人死亡。

与此同时，土耳其内政部官员说，4名被怀疑制造炸弹的人星期四夜间在迪亚巴克尔附近被炸死。

安全官员说，爆炸是在库尔德工人党激进分子把炸药装上一辆卡车时发生的。

在此数小时前，土耳其首都伊斯坦布尔郊区的一处军事设施附近发生汽车炸弹爆炸，造成至少7人受伤。

目前还没有人宣称对这起汽车爆炸袭击事件负责。

14 Killed in Clashes in Southeast Turkey

Eight Turkish soldiers and six members of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) were killed Friday in clashes in the largely Kurdish region of southeast Turkey, a Turkish military statement said.

Six soldiers were killed and eight were wounded when clashes broke out with rebels in Hakkari province on Friday. Two additional soldiers died when a military helicopter sent to the area later crashed due to a technical fault.

Meanwhile, four suspected bomb makers were killed near Diyarbakir late Thursday, Turkish interior ministry officials said.

Security officials said the blast occurred when PKK militants were loading the explosives onto a truck.

The late-night explosion occurred hours after at least seven people were injured in a car-bomb attack near a military facility in a suburb of the capital, Istanbul.

There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the car-bomb attack.

真主党军事指挥官在叙利亚被打死

激进伊斯兰组织真主党说，该组织的最高军事指挥官巴德尔丁在叙利亚被打死。

总部设在黎巴嫩的真主党星期五在贝鲁特发表电视声明说，55岁的巴德尔丁在以色列发动的一次空袭中被炸死。

以色列尚未证实发动空袭的说法。

自2008年以来，巴德尔丁一直担任真主党的军事指挥官。

2005年，前黎巴嫩总理哈里里和其他21人被暗杀，被控策划暗杀行动的4名男子受到缺席审判，巴德尔丁就是其中之一。这一案件于2014年在荷兰海牙开审，至今仍未结案。

真主党否认参与暗杀哈里里的行动。

Hezbollah's Military Leader Killed in Syria

The militant Islamic group Hezbollah says its top military commander, Mustafa Badreddine, has been killed in Syria.

The Lebanese-based group issued a statement Friday on a Beirut television channel saying Badreddine, 55, was killed in an Israeli airstrike.

Israel did not immediately confirm the strike.

Badreddine has been Hezbollah's military commander since 2008.

He was one of four men accused in absentia of plotting the 2005 assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri and 21 others. The trial began in 2014 at The Hague, Netherlands, and is ongoing.

Hezbollah denied any involvement in the attack.