塔利班正式否认与阿富汗政府会晤的相关报道

塔利班正式否认有关与阿富汗政府官员举行秘密会晤的相关报道，坚称该组织举行和谈的政策没有改变。

英国卫报星期二独家发表的文章援引匿名的阿富汗官员以及塔利班内部消息来源证实，今年9月和10月初，阿富汗交战双方在海湾国家卡塔尔首都多哈至少进行了两次互动。塔利班的政治谈判人员就住在卡塔尔。

喀布尔阿富汗政府内部消息来源也向美国之音证实了有关会晤的消息，但是没有提供进一步细节。阿富汗总统发言人达瓦·门纳波尔没有直接谈及多哈会晤，他对美国之音表示，政府正在尽一切可能的努力，与准备进行和谈的有关组织接触，以促进国家的稳定。

塔利班主要发言人扎比胡拉·穆加希德在向包括美国之音在内的媒体发送的声明中说，塔利班的和谈政策“非常明确，没有改变”。他还敦促媒体不要发表没有根据的报道。塔利班谴责加尼总统的联合政府是一个“傀儡政权”，并誓言外国军队全部撤出阿富汗前，不参与任何和平进程。

这家英国报纸还援引一位匿名的阿富汗官员的话说，卡塔尔会晤期间一名美国高级外交官在场，不过美国政府还没有就报道中的说法发表评论。

Taliban Formally Denies Reports of Meetings with Afghan Government

The Taliban has formally refuted reports of secret meetings with Afghan government officials, insisting there has been no change in the group's policy for holding peace negotiations.

The Guardian newspaper, in an exclusive article published Tuesday, quoted anonymous Afghan officials and sources within the Taliban as confirming at least two interactions between the warring sides in September and early October. It said the meetings took place in Doha, capital of the Gulf state of Qatar, where Taliban political negotiators are based.

A source within the Afghan government in Kabul also confirmed the meetings to VOA, without sharing further details. Afghan presidential spokesman Dawa Khan Menapal, without directly commenting on the Doha meetings, told VOA the government is making "all possible efforts" to engage with groups that are ready for peace talks, in order to promote stability in the country.

In a statement sent to media, including VOA, Taliban’s main spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said the Taliban's policy about holding peace talks is "very clear and has not changed." He also urged the media to refrain from publishing unfounded reports. The Taliban condemns President Ashraf Ghani's coalition government as a "puppet regime" and has vowed not to engage in any peace process until all foreign forces withdraw from Afghanistan.

The British paper quoted an unnamed Taliban official as claiming a senior American diplomat was present at the Qatar meetings, although the U.S. government has not commented on the reported claim.

厄瓜多尔承认限制阿桑奇上网

厄瓜多尔政府星期二承认，曾“临时限制” 维基揭秘创始人阿桑奇上网。阿桑奇目前住在厄瓜多尔驻伦敦大使馆。被限制上网前维基揭秘发表了希拉里∙克林顿竞选的相关文件。

厄瓜多尔外交部的声明说，虽然厄瓜多尔信守2012年给予阿桑奇避难的决定，但是厄瓜多尔并不干涉外国选举。左派总统科雷亚领导的政府表示，有关行动是自行采取的，并非迫于外国压力。

维基揭秘星期二上午在推文中，指控美国国务卿克里曾请求厄瓜多尔制止阿桑奇发表有关民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿的文件。

美国国务院发言人科比全然否认上诉说法。科比说：“我们对维基揭秘的忧虑是一贯的，但是任何有关国务卿克里或者国务院参与关闭维基揭秘的暗示都是错误的。有关克里国务卿曾就此同厄瓜多尔官员进行过交谈的报道完全不真实，情况就是这样。”

Ecuador Says It Restricted Assange's Internet Link

Ecuador's government admitted Tuesday that it had “temporarily restricted” WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's internet access at its London embassy after the site published documents from Hillary Clinton's U.S. presidential campaign.

A foreign ministry statement said that while it stands by its decision in 2012 to grant Assange asylum, it does not interfere in foreign elections. Leftist President Rafael Correa’s government said it was acting on its own and not ceding to foreign pressures.

WikiLeaks, in tweets Tuesday morning, alleged that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry had asked Ecuador to stop Assange from publishing documents about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.

State Department spokesperson John Kirby categorically denied the assertion. “While our concerns about WikiLeaks are longstanding, any suggestion that Secretary Kerry or the State Department were involved in shutting down WikiLeaks is false,” Kirby said. “Reports that Secretary Kerry had conversations with Ecuadorian officials about this are simply untrue. Period.”