安卡拉致命袭击致死37人后 土耳其空袭库尔德工人党

土耳其军方说，土耳其战机星期一对伊拉克北部地区的库尔德激进分子发动了18次空袭。

空袭目标是库尔德工人党。一天前，土耳其首都安卡拉发生汽车炸弹袭击，造成至少37人死亡。

目前还没有人宣称对袭击事件负责。土耳其官员说，预计将于星期一宣布对这一事件的调查结果。

土耳其总统埃尔多安去年7月宣布将继续战斗，直至击败所有激进分子。此后，土耳其部队一直在对库尔德工人党展开攻势。

星期天的爆炸袭击发生在安卡拉克孜拉伊广场附近，那里靠近外国使馆和政府建筑，是安卡拉主要购物区和交通枢纽。

土耳其卫生部长梅辛诺格鲁表示，一个巴士车站的平民成为袭击目标，爆炸还造成120多人受伤。

炸弹爆炸事件发生后，土耳其总理达武特奥卢召集了紧急安全会议。

Turkey Bombs PKK After Deadly Ankara Attack Kills 37

Turkey's military said its warplanes carried out 18 airstrikes Monday targeting Kurdish militants in northern Iraq.

The strikes against the Kurdistan Workers Party, or PKK, came a day after a car bombing killed at least 37 people in Turkey's capital, Ankara.

There has been no claim of responsibility and Turkish officials said they expected to announce the results of the investigation into the blast on Monday.

Turkish forces have been carrying out an offensive against the PKK since July when President Recep Tayyip Erdogan declared the fight would continue until every militant is defeated.

Sunday's blast happened near Kizilay square, a key shopping and transportation hub near foreign embassies and government buildings.

Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu said it targeted civilians at a bus stop, and that more than 120 people were wounded.

Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu convened an emergency security meeting after the bombing.

美国: 叙利亚政府“明显试图干扰”和谈

美国国务卿克里星期日指责叙利亚要求不讨论阿萨德总统下台的做法，是在“明显试图干扰”联合国斡旋的旨在结束叙利亚5年内战的和谈。

克里说，自两周前宣布“停止敌对行动”以来，叙利亚境内的暴力冲突大幅减少80%至90%。但他表示，阿萨德政权是最大的停火破坏者。

克里说，停火破坏行动的不断增加会危及永久结束战斗并最终在叙利亚举行选举的努力。

克里发表上述评论前，星期日在巴黎与英国、法国、德国和意大利等国外长讨论了叙利亚危机问题。联合国主持的叙利亚和谈定于星期一在日内瓦举行。

星期一谈判开始前，叙利亚外长穆阿勒姆警告其他谈判代表说，谈判不能涉及阿萨德总统的去留。

叙利亚主要反对派首席谈判代表阿鲁什说，阿萨德必须下台。长期以来，美国也坚持阿萨德应当下台。

阿鲁什对法新社说：“我们认为，过渡期应从阿萨德的下台或死亡开始。”

尽管叙利亚双方在阿萨德能否继续担任总统的问题上存在分歧，克里还是敦促双方继续推进和谈。

US: Syria 'Clearly Trying to Disrupt' Peace Talks

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday accused Syria of “clearly trying to disrupt" the U.N.-sponsored peace talks aimed at ending the bloody five-year civil war in the country by demanding that there be no discussion of removing President Bashar al-Assad from power.

The top U.S. diplomat said that violence in the war-wracked country has been "hugely reduced" -- by 80 to 90 percent -- since a “cessation of hostilities” was declared two weeks ago. But he said the "single biggest violator" of the truce has been the Assad regime.

He said “incremental violations threaten to undermine” efforts to permanently end the fighting and any effort to eventually hold elections in Syria.

Kerry spoke after meeting with his British, French, German and Italian counterparts Sunday in Paris about the Syrian crisis, a day before the U.N. talks are set to begin in Geneva.

Ahead of Monday's discussions, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem warned negotiators that any talk about the fate of Syria's president is off the table.

Mohammad Alloush, the chief negotiator for Syria's main opposition group, said the president has to go, a demand the U.S. also has long made.

Alloush told the French news agency AFP, "We believe that the transitional period should start with the fall or death of Bashar al-Assad."

Kerry has urged both sides in Syria to proceed with the peace talks despite their conflict over the presidency.