克里突访伊拉克

美国国务卿克里抵达巴格达访问，此次访问事先并未对宣布。这是克里自2014年以来首次访问伊拉克。

克里星期五从巴林前往伊拉克，与阿巴迪总理以及库尔德地方政府总理巴尔扎尼举行会谈。

美国国务院发言人柯比说，“克里将强调，伊拉克着手解决安全、经济及政治领域的重大挑战之际，美国坚决支持伊拉克政府。”

柯比发表声明说，克里还将讨论多国联盟协助伊拉克打击伊斯兰国的问题。

目前伊拉克领导的军队正在争取收复北部城市摩苏尔。2014年，摩苏尔被伊斯兰国激进分子攻占。

美国国防部本星期早些时候宣布，将在伊拉克增设一个小型军事前哨基地。

Kerry Makes Previously Unannounced Visit to Iraq

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Baghdad on a previously unannounced visit that marks his first trip to Iraq since 2014.

Kerry traveled from Bahrain to Iraq Friday for talks with officials including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Kurdistan regional government Prime Minister Nechrivan Barzani.

“The secretary will underscore our strong support for the Iraqi government as it addresses significant security, economic and political challenges,” said State Department spokesman John Kirby.

He will also discuss the multi-national coalition’s ongoing support for Iraqi-led efforts to defeat Islamic State, said Kirby in a statement.

The trip comes as Iraqi-led forces push to re-take the northern city of Mosul, which fell to Islamic State militants in 2014.

Earlier this week, the U.S. Defense Department announced it will open an additional small military outpost.

希腊将第2批移民送回土耳其

按照欧盟与土耳其签署的协议，希腊将第2批移民送回土耳其，交换土耳其难民营中的叙利亚人。

一艘运载45名巴基斯坦移民的土耳其渡轮星期五驶离希腊的莱斯博斯岛。人权活动人士举行了抗议活动。

活动人士跳进水中，拉住渡轮的锚链，试图阻止渡轮驶离。至少两名活动人士被逮捕。

预计星期五晚些时候还有大约80名移民将离开莱斯博斯岛。

希腊当局说，这些移民没有在欧盟申请避难。欧盟本星期早些时候宣布，在把移民送回土耳其之前，将为他们提供申请避难的机会。

Greece Sends Second Group of Migrants to Turkey

Greece has sent a second group of migrants back to Turkey under a European Union deal with Turkey to exchange migrants for Syrians from Turkish refugee camps.

A Turkish ferry containing 45 migrants from Pakistan left the Greek island of Lesbos Friday, despite protests by human rights activists.

At least two activists were arrested after jumping into the water and clinging to the heavy chain connected to the ferry's anchor in an attempt to prevent the Turkish vessel from leaving.

Another group of about 80 migrants is expected to leave the island later in the day.

Greek authorities say the migrants deported had not applied for asylum in the European Union. The EU announced earlier this week that it would give all migrants facing deportation a chance to apply for asylum before being sent back to Turkey.