伊斯坦布尔炸弹爆炸至少 11人丧生

土耳其城市伊斯坦布尔的行政长官证实，伊斯坦布尔市中心星期二上午早高峰时发生一起爆炸，造成11人死亡，36人受伤，死者中包括7名警察。

一辆装满炸药的小轿车在驶过一辆巴士时爆炸，据报那辆巴士上乘坐的都是防暴警察。

多辆救护车被派到位于伊斯坦布尔大学和旅游景点巴耶赛特广场附近的爆炸现场。

目前还没有任何组织宣布对袭击负责，不过伊斯兰国最近曾在土耳其发动袭击。自去年7月以来，库尔德工人党也一直把土耳其警察和军人作为袭击目标。

At least 11 dead in Istanbul Explosion

Eleven people, including 7 police officers, were killed and 36 wounded in an explosion in central Istanbul during the morning rush hour on Tuesday, Istanbul's governor confirmed.

A car packed with explosives detonated while passing a bus reportedly full of riot police.

Multiple ambulances were sent to the scene in the central district of Vezneciler, near Istanbul University and a popular tourist destination - Bayezit square.

No group has immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, though Islamic State has recently carried out attacks in Turkey. The Kurdish worker's party, or PKK, has also been targeting Turkish police and military since July.

莫迪会批准巴黎气候协议吗？

本周华盛顿可能会传来一项有关气候问题的重大决定。

专家们正密切关注印度总理莫迪是否会承诺在今年年底之前批准巴黎气候协议。如果印度批准这项协议，就很可能使该协议的实施日期大大早于最初预期的2020年。

支持者说，印度批准巴黎协议，将是一个强烈的信号，显示发展中国家认真对待遏制气候改变的问题。但批评人士指出，印度在巴黎协议中承诺太少。他们说，要让气温保持在科学家认为的增长幅度不超过两度的安全范围内，印度和其他国家必须做出更多的努力。

莫迪正在美国访问，他将对美国国会联席会议发表特别演讲，并与奥巴马总统举行第七次会晤。

Will Modi Seal Paris Climate Deal?

A big climate announcement could come this week in Washington.

Experts are watching to see if Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi commits to ratifying the Paris climate agreement before the end of the year. If India ratifies the deal, that will put it on the brink of going into force well ahead of the original 2020 target.

Advocates say it would be a strong signal that developing countries are serious about fighting climate change. But critics note that India has committed to very little under the Paris agreement. They say much more will be needed from India and the rest of the world to keep the planet below the 2-degree threshold that scientists consider critical to the well-being of the planet.

Modi is on a state visit to the United States, including a special address to a joint meeting of Congress and his seventh meeting with President Obama.