法国总统大选保守党派初选前总理菲永领先

法国前总理弗朗索瓦∙菲永看来将获得星期天举行的总统大选保守党初选。

初步投票结果显示，菲永获得44%的选票，前总理阿兰∙朱佩获得28%的选票，前总统萨科齐得票率21%。按照目前的趋势，菲永和朱佩将在下星期天举行决选，获胜者将代表保守派参加明年的总统大选。

前总统萨科齐已经承认败选，并且转而支持菲永。

这次是法国保守派选民第一次直接投票选举候选人，过去一直是由党内领导人任命。选举中，选民关心的议题包括移民大量涌入欧洲以及极端组织在法国发动的一连串恐怖袭击。

英国选民投票脱欧以及川普当选美国总统后，法国大选也可能成为一次主流政党和日益上升的民粹主义力量之间的较量。

Former PM Francois Fillon on Track to Win French Conservative Presidential Primary

Former French Prime Minister Francois Fillon appears to be on his way to winning Sunday's conservative party presidential primary.

Early returns give Fillon 44 percent of the vote, followed by ex-Prime Minister Alain Juppe with 28 percent and former President Nicolas Sarkozy with 21 percent. If those results hold up, Fillon and Juppe will meet in a runoff next Sunday and the winner will be the conservative candidate for president next year.

Sarkozy has already conceded defeat and says he will throw his support behind Fillon.

This is the first time conservative voters directly chose a presidential candidate. Until now, party leaders picked the contender. The campaign was marked by concerns about the influx of migrants into Europe and the devastating series of jihadist attacks in France.

After Britain's shock "Brexit" vote and Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. presidential contest, the French presidential vote is taking shape to be another test between mainstream parties and rising populist forces.

海地选民投票 希望恢复宪法秩序

海地一再推迟的总统选举星期天开始计票。官方计票结果预计至少要8天后才能公布。

海地有6百万合格选民，他们要从27名总统候选人中挑选总统，并投票选举上下两院的议会成员。

海地民众希望新领导人能够结束长达一年的不稳定状况，把国家团结起来、创造就业。海地经历了2010年的地震以及最近飓风马修的打击，使许多海地人生活面临困难。

目前的27位候选人当中没有人占绝对优势。

2015年10月海地进行过一次总统选举，但是由于出现舞弊，选举结果被宣布无效。

这次选举期间， 1万3千多名警察与联合国维和部队部署在海地街头维持投票站的秩序。

由于候选人众多，这轮投票不太可能有人赢得绝对多数。两名得票最多的候选人将于1月29号举行决选。

Haitians vote in hopes of restoring constitutional order

Vote counting has begun in Haiti's repeatedly derailed presidential election. No official results were expected to be issued for at least eight days.

Six million Haitians were eligible to vote for one of 27 presidential candidates, as well as for members of both houses of parliament.

Haitians are hoping the new national leader will end a year of uncertainty and struggles, while uniting the nation and creating jobs. Many Haitians still suffer from a 2010 earthquake and its most recent serious storm, Hurricane Matthew.

There is no clear-cut leader among the 27 candidates for president.

A presidential election was held in October 2015, but the results were scrapped because of fraud.

More than 13,000 police officers and United Nations peacekeeper troops are on the streets to safeguard voting centers.

But with so many candidates for president, no one is likely to gain an absolute majority of the vote. The top two finishers Sunday will face off January 29.