伊斯兰国声称对叙利亚造成数十人丧生的多起爆炸负责

伊斯兰国组织声称对周一发生在叙利亚的一系列爆炸负责，至少有48人在爆炸中丧生，几十人受伤。一天前，这个激进组织失去了其控制下的最后一段土叙边界。

爆炸发生在政府控制下的霍姆斯市和塔尔图斯市、库尔德人控制的哈塞克市以及大马士革郊区。

在叙利亚境内维持着一个联络网的叙利亚人权了望台的主任拉赫曼说：“很明显，这些袭击是同时进行的，而且都是以安全哨所为袭击目标。”

塔尔图斯市的死伤最为惨重。据国营电视台报道，恐怖份子在阿朱纳桥制造了2起爆炸袭击，导致至少35人丧生，43人受伤。报道说，第一起爆炸是由汽车炸弹引起的，第二起是自杀炸弹手实施的，他在人们前往救助伤患时引爆了身上的炸弹。

叙利亚冲突因为美国和俄罗斯支持敌对双方而变得更为复杂。自从2011年3月以来，叙利亚冲突已导致逾29万人丧生，迫使数以百万计的人背井离乡。

Islamic State Claims Syria Explosions That Killed Dozens

A string of explosions claimed by Islamic State, killed at least 48 people and wounded dozens more in Syria Monday, a day after the militant group lost the last stretch of the Syria-Turkey border under its control.

The blasts hit the government controlled cities of Homs and Tartus, the Kurdish-held city of Hasakeh, and the countryside of Damascus.

"Clearly these attacks were simultaneous and they all targeted security posts," said Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which maintains a network of contacts inside the country.

The deadliest blasts were in Tartus, where state television reported two terrorist bombings on Arzuna bridge, killing at least 35 people and wounding 43. The report said the first blast was caused by a car bomb and the second was carried out by a suicide bomber who detonated his explosives when people gathered to help the wounded.

The conflict in Syria, which is complicated by U.S. and Russian support for opposite sides has left more than 290,000 people dead and forced millions from their homes since March 2011.

美国老挝弥合历史创伤开启新的关系

白宫星期二说，美国和老挝本着相互尊重以及“弥合历史创伤的共同愿望”开始了双边关系的新纪元。

奥巴马总统和本扬·沃拉吉总统在万象举行会晤后，宣布就经济、技术、教育、安全、环境和人权等问题进行新的合作。

奥巴马是第一位访问老挝的美国在任总统。他星期二宣布，三年内向老挝资助9千万美元，帮助老挝对未爆炸的武器进行全国勘察，并清除六，七十年代美军投下的炸弹。在向老挝投掷的220万枚炸弹中，大约三分之一未爆炸，这个遗留的威胁阻碍了老挝的发展。

白宫说，奥巴马对老挝在寻找战争期间失踪的美军人员方面所给予的合作表示感谢。

老挝目前是东南亚国家联盟的轮值主席国，它的人权记录一直受到外界批评。奥巴马和本扬·沃拉吉在星期二的会谈中指出，通过“坦率和公开对话”来缩小人权问题的分歧有诸多益处。

美国总统奥巴马试图让东南亚国家放心，美国坚守亚洲再平衡的承诺。奥巴马本周将出席东盟峰会和东亚峰会，谋求进一步加深美国与东南亚地区的关系，并扩大美国的影响。

US, Laos Open New Ties With Desire to 'Heal Wounds of the Past'

The White House said Tuesday the United States and Laos have opened a new era in their relations based on mutual respect and "a shared desire to heal the wounds of the past."

An announcement of a new partnership on issues of the economy, technology, education, security, the environment and human rights followed a meeting between Presidents Barack Obama and Bounnhang Vorachit in Vientiane.

Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit Laos, and announced Tuesday a three-year, $90 million contribution to Laos for a national survey of unexploded ordnance and efforts to clear the bombs dropped by U.S. forces in the 1960s and 1970s. About one-third of the 2.2 million bombs dropped on Laos remain undenotated and the lingering threat has slowed development in the country.

The White House said Obama expressed his appreciation for the cooperation of Laos in working to account for U.S. personnel who went missing during the war.

Laos, which currently chairs the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), has been criticized for its human rights record. Obama and Vorachit noted in their meeting Tuesday "the benefits of a candid and open dialogue" to narrow differences on rights.

Obama is seeking to reassure nations in Southeast Asia that the U.S. is firmly committed to its rebalance to the region. He will seek to further deepen ties and boost America's influence in the region as he attends the ASEAN summit and the East Asia summit this week.