抗议者无视夏洛特市因警察开枪事件实施的宵禁

在美国东部北卡罗来纳州最大的城市夏洛特市，数百名示威者无视午夜宵禁的命令，星期五凌晨举行和平游行，抗议警察开枪打死一名非洲裔美国人。

有关当局说，只要抗议者继续以和平方式游行，他们就不打算强制执行宵禁。夏洛特－麦克伦堡警察局的史密斯警长说：“宵禁是我们维护和平的一种手段。目前的抗议活动是和平的。”

一位妇女对美国之音说她对宵禁“异常”担忧。她说：“我们担心警察会采取什么行动。”

电视录像显示，星期五凌晨，一些抗议者微笑着和国民警卫队员握手。

星期四，大批示威群众游行穿过夏洛特市中心，连续第三个晚上举行抗议活动。局势大体平静，只有一个地点向示威者使用了催泪瓦斯。

整个城市部署了身穿防爆服的警察。他们装备了橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯。

北卡罗来纳州州长、前夏洛特市市长麦克罗伊已经宣布该市进入紧急状态，并表示警察将逮捕违法分子。他说“我们不能容忍任何形式的暴力和破坏财产的行为。”

人群中包括非洲裔美国人、白人和拉美裔人等不同种族。一些拉美裔抗议者手举标语牌，上面写着“拉美裔人说黑人的生命很重要。”

集会中出现了很多神职人员，他们敦促在场者保持冷静与和平。但是，有些抗议者与神职人员发生争吵，指责他们不懂夏洛特居民所承受的痛苦，因此不应该期望他们保持冷静。抗议者星期四晚上8点钟左右开始游行，之前志愿者分发了以防催泪瓦斯的面具、瓶装水和燕麦棒。

Curfew for Protesters in Charlotte Over Police Shooting Defied

Hundreds of demonstrators defied a midnight curfew in Charlotte, North Carolina in the eastern United States, marching peacefully in the early hours of Friday morning against the controversial police shooting of an African American man.

Authorities say they have no plans to enforce the curfew as long as the protests remain peaceful. Major Gerald Smith of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said, "The curfew is a tool that we will use to keep the peace. And right now we have a peaceful protest."

One woman told VOA she was "extraordinarily" worried about the curfew. "We're worried they (the police) are going to do something."

Television video, however, showed some protesters shaking hands with smiling National Guard personnel early Friday.

Thursday night, large crowds of demonstrators marched through the heart of Charlotte in the third night of protests. While generally peaceful, tear gas was used against demonstrators at one location.

Police in riot gear were dispersed throughout the city. The officers were armed with rubber bullets and tear gas.

Governor Pat McCrory, a former mayor of Charlotte, already has declared a state of emergency, and he said police would arrest lawbreakers. "We cannot tolerate any type of violence ... or destruction of property," McCrory said.

The crowd was a mix of races -- African-Americans, whites and Hispanic people, some of whom carried signs saying "Latinos say black lives matter."

Many clergy were present at the rallies, urging calm and peace for all present. But other protestors were seen arguing with preachers, claiming they didn't understand the pain Charlotte residents had suffered and that they could not be expected to stay calm.

Before protestors began marching around 8 p.m., volunteers handed out masks to protect from tear gas, as well as water bottles and granola bars.

巴以领导人在联大会上唇枪舌剑

巴勒斯坦总统阿巴斯星期四在联合国大会上说，以色列在约旦河西岸不断扩大定居点的行动，正在摧毁通过建立两个国家来解决以色列及其阿拉伯邻国间由来已久的纠纷的希望。

阿巴斯说，“以色列政府为追求扩张主义的定居点计划所做的事情，将毁掉沿1967年边界建立两个国家方案的任何可能性。”

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡拒绝接受阿巴斯的说法。他说，“我随时准备就最终地位进行谈判，但是有一件事我永远都不会谈判，那就是“一个也是唯一一个犹太国的权利”。

内塔尼亚胡邀请阿巴斯到以色列议会讲话，他说反过来，他也希望直接向巴勒斯坦立法委员会发表讲话。

巴勒斯坦方面过去一向拒绝内塔尼亚胡有关举行这类会面的提议，理由是他在所有核心问题上所持的强硬立场，使任何对话都变得不可能。

内塔尼亚胡拒绝“冻结”在约旦河西岸的阿拉伯土地上进一步建造犹太人定居点的行动。他同时拒绝以1967年阿以战争以前的边界作为谈判起点，因为那样做就意味着要与巴勒斯坦方面分享耶路撒冷的控制权，并且在领土问题上做出很大的调整。

内塔尼亚胡表示，耶路撒冷分治是不能接受的。他拒绝考虑拆除在巴勒斯坦领土上任何现有的犹太人定居点的要求。

Israeli, Palestinian Leaders Clash at UN General Assembly

Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday that Israel's ongoing settlement expansion in the occupied West Bank is destroying any hope of a two-state solution to the long-running dispute between the Jewish state and its Arab neighbors.

"What the Israeli government is doing in pursuit of its expansionist settlement plans will destroy whatever possibility is left for the two-state solution along the 1967 borders," Abbas said.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected Abbas' claims and said: "I am ready to negotiate all final-status [details], but one thing I will never negotiate is the right to a one-and-only Jewish state."

Netanyahu invited Abbas to address Israel's parliament, the Knesset, and said that, in return, he would like to speak directly to the Palestinian Legislative Council.

The Palestinians have rebuffed Netanyahu's past offers for such meetings, saying his hardline position on all core issues makes dialogue impossible.

Netanyahu rejects a "freeze" halting further Jewish settlements on Arab land in the West Bank. He also rejects Israel's borders prior to the 1967 Arab-Israeli War as a starting point for negotiations, since that would mean sharing control of Jerusalem with the Palestinians and other significant territorial adjustments.

The Israeli prime minister says any division of Jerusalem is unacceptable, and he has refused to consider uprooting any of the existing Jewish settlements in Palestinian territory.