也门反政府武装保证参加和谈

也门胡塞反政府武装及其盟友的代表们表示，将参加经联合国斡旋在科威特举行的和平谈判。此前他们抵制和谈，以抗议据称亲政府军违反停火协议的行为。

胡塞反政府武装和也门前总统萨利赫所在政党的代表说，他们计划于星期三或星期四抵达科威特。

联合国曾争取星期一启动和谈，但由于只有也门政府代表团到场，只好决定推迟和谈。

宣布推迟和谈后，联合国特使艾哈迈德感谢也门政府致力于和谈，同时表示希望胡塞反政府武装不要错过结束也门暴力冲突的机会。

联合国秘书长潘基文敦促有关各方本着善意进行谈判，不要推迟和谈进程。

也门冲突已导致6400多人丧生，造成了一场人道灾难。

Yemen's Opposition Pledges to Join Peace Talks

Delegations from Yemen's Houthi rebels and their allies now say they will join U.N.-brokered peace talks in Kuwait, after staying home to protest alleged cease-fire violations by pro-government forces.

Representatives from both the Houthis and the party of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh said they planned to arrive in Kuwait Wednesday or Thursday.

The United Nations tried to launch the negotiations on Monday, but officially postponed the talks when only the government delegation showed up.

After announcing the delay, U.N. envoy Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed thanked the government "for its commitment" and said he hopes the Houthis do not miss the opportunity to put an end to the violence in Yemen.

U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged all parties to negotiate in good faith and to begin the talks without delay.

The conflict has killed more than 6,400 people and created a humanitarian disaster in Yemen.

联合国讨论全球打击毒品战

联合国星期二举行特别会议，讨论在全球范围内打击毒品的政策。这是联合国过去将近20年来就这一话题而召开的首次会议。

来自世界各国的领导人就目前国际上日趋包容的毒品法规展开讨论。各国一致同意，毒品问题不容忽视，但就如何应对这一挑战，则存在严重分歧。

拉丁美洲一些国家的代表说，针对毒品的“严打”机制，并没有奏效，并在全球范围内造成数以千计的人死亡。这些代表呼吁联合国接受让一些 “软性” 毒品合法化的趋势。与此同时，包括俄罗斯在内的一些国家的代表对美国让大麻某些使用合法化的方案，表示担忧。

United Nations Reviews Global War on Drugs

A United Nations special session met Tuesday to discuss global drug policy — the first U.N. meeting on the subject in nearly 20 years.

Global leaders debated an international trend toward more liberal drug laws, with countries across the board agreeing that the drug problem needs to be addressed, but deeply divided on how to do that.

A number of Latin American countries said an aggressive war on drugs has failed, leading to thousands of lives being destroyed worldwide. These leaders urged the U.N. to accept the trend to legalize soft drugs, while other member states such as Russia remained wary of the United States' push to regulate access to marijuana.