克里访欧出席反腐峰会

美国国务卿克里星期一开始对欧洲进行为期4天的访问，其间将会见几个国家的官员，并出席反腐峰会。

定于星期四召开的反腐峰会将由英国首相卡梅伦主持，阿富汗、哥伦比亚和尼日利亚等国首脑将出席会议。

卡梅伦主持的这次反腐峰会目的是争取解决全球范围的腐败问题。就在几周前，泄露出来的所谓“巴拿马文件”显示，卡梅伦参与了他父亲设立的一个离岸基金。

卡梅伦说，他没有任何不当行为。公众将从星期一开始得以了解巴拿马文件的内容，其中涉及一些国家的领导人和名流。

卡梅伦说，腐败是世界上很多问题的根源，是进步的敌人。

Kerry Heads to Europe for Anti-corruption Summit

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry begins a four-day diplomatic mission to Europe Monday where he will meet with officials from several countries and participate in an anti-corruption summit.

The anti-corruption gathering Thursday is being hosted by British Prime Minister David Cameron, and will be attended by heads of state from Afghanistan, Colombia and Nigeria, among others.

Cameron’s summit is aimed at tackling global corruption, and comes just a few weeks after he was exposed in the leak of the so-called Panama Papers as having a stake in an offshore fund set up by his father.

The British leader said he has done nothing wrong. The public will have access to the Panama Papers, which mention various world leaders and dignitaries, beginning Monday.

Cameron called corruption “the root of so many of the world’s problems,” and said it is “an enemy of progress.”

加拿大扑救山火行动出现转机

加拿大官员说，扑救大规模山火的行动已经出现转机。加拿大西部阿尔伯塔省的大片地区灾情严重。

阿尔伯塔省消防官员莫里森说，火灾地区的气温降低和小雨天气对灭火非常有利，消防人员可以进入灾区，设法控制火势。

虽然山火还没有蔓延到主要炼油设施，但加拿大炼油设施继续处于停工状态，对加拿大山火的担忧让全球油价大幅上涨。

目前还不清楚这些炼油设施何时恢复运作。很多工人已经撤离，带着家人在外暂住。

专家估计，该地区的石油生产将停顿至少两到三个星期。

阿尔伯塔的石油储量位居世界第3，仅次于沙特阿拉伯和委内瑞拉。

Canada Reaches Turning Point in Combating Wildfire

Canadian officials say they have reached a turning point in combating the huge wildfire that has destroyed a large area of the province of Alberta in western Canada.

Cooler temperatures and light rain in the region have made for "great firefighting weather," said Chad Morrison, an Alberta fire official. "We can really get in there and really get a handle on this fire and really get a death grip on it."

While the flames so far have not reached any major oil processing facilities, they remain closed and global oil prices have soared over concerns about the Canadian fires.

It is not immediately clear when processing facilities will open. Many oil workers have been evacuated and are camped out with their families.

Experts estimate oil production will be shut down for at least two or three weeks.

Alberta is home to the world's third-largest oil reserves, behind Saudi Arabia and Venezuela.