美国欧盟达成数据共享新协议

美国和欧盟达成一项有关跨大西洋数据传递管理的新协议，此前欧洲法院曾于去年10月否决了一项类似的协议。

欧盟司法事务专员星期二宣布了这一举措，并表示她预计这项协议将于3个月内开始生效。

她说，这项协议标志着美国首次向欧盟提出“有法律约束力的保证”，确保政府官员接触私人信息将受到明确的限制和监督。

美国商务部长普利茨克星期二对记者说，这项协议对“跨大西洋的商业往来至关重要”，同时也展现了美国与欧盟的紧密关系。

US, EU Strike New Data-Sharing Deal

The United States and European Union have struck a new deal regulating cross-Atlantic data transfers, after a European court struck down a previous agreement in October.

European Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova announced the move Tuesday, saying she expects the deal to take effect in about three months.

Jourova said the deal marks the first time the United States has given the European Union "binding assurances" that public officials' access to personal information will be subject to clear limits, safeguards and oversight.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker told reporters Tuesday that the deal is "central to transatlantic commerce" and also signals the closeness of the U.S.-E.U. relationship.

美国首次发现经性接触感染的寨卡病毒病例

美国西南部德克萨斯州的一个县星期二发现了一起寨卡病毒感染病例，看来这是美国第一起通过性行为感染寨卡病毒的病例。

达拉斯县的官员说，这名患者和一名寨卡病毒感染者发生性接触后被传染，而后者是从一个寨卡病毒传播国返回美国的。

美国疾病控制与预防中心证实了德克萨斯州的这起寨卡感染病例，但表示尚未展开调查。美国疾病控制与预防中心在发给美国之音的电邮中说，实验室的检测结果证实，美国大陆首次发现有未曾出国的人感染寨卡病毒。

寨卡病毒的传播在巴西备受关注。自去年10月以来，巴西已经发现近4000起疑似寨卡病毒导致的新生儿小头症病例，而2014年仅有150起病例。

US Records First Sexually Transmitted Case of Zika

A county in the southwestern state of Texas on Tuesday reported what appears to be the first case of the Zika virus being transmitted in the United States by sexual contact.

Officials in Dallas County say the patient was infected with Zika after having sexual contact with a sick individual who returned from a country where the virus is present.

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control - the top federal public health agency - has confirmed the Texas case, but says it has not yet investigated. In an email to VOA, the CDC said it "confirmed through laboratory testing the first U.S. case of Zika virus infection in a non-traveler in the continental United States."

Zika is of greatest concern in Brazil, where the virus was found last year. Brazil has reported nearly 4,000 suspected cases of microcephaly since October, with only 150 cases in 2014.