美参议院否决枪支改革提案

美国发生历史上最惨重枪击案8天过后，参议院否决了有关限制购枪和扩大购枪者背景调查的一系列提案。

一周前，奥马尔·马丁在佛罗里达州城市奥兰多开枪打死49人，打伤53人。星期一晚间，共和党籍参议员否决了民主党人提出的两项控枪议案。

其中一项提案禁止被列入联邦政府恐怖观察名单的人购买枪支，包括在禁飞名单上的人。另一项提案规定，扩大对购枪者的背景调查，包括在枪展和互联网上的枪支购买。

这两项提案都没有获得五分之三的支持票，因此不能作为修正案附加在参议院准备付诸表决的议案中。

共和党籍议员们表示，提案中没有为那些被错误列入恐怖观察名单的人提供申诉的途径，因此他们不能投票支持。他们还指责民主党籍议员的提案在不通过正常法律程序的情况下剥夺宪法赋予美国公民的拥枪权利。

US Senate Blocks Gun Reforms

Eight days after the deadliest mass shooting in American history, the U.S. Senate voted down a series of proposals to restrict those eligible to buy firearms and expand screening of gun purchasers.

Late Monday, Republicans blocked two proposals that Democrats championed after Islamic State-inspired shooter Omar Mateen killed 49 clubgoers and wounded 53 others just over a week ago in Orlando, Florida.

One measure would block those on a variety of federal terror watchlists, including those barred from flying, from buying guns. Another would expand mandatory background checks for firearms purchases to include gun show and Internet sales.

Both measures failed to get the three-fifths backing required to be attached as amendments to pending legislation in the Senate.

Republicans said they could not vote for any proposal that did not provide a means for those wrongly placed on the terror watchlist to contest the government’s determination, alleging the Democratic measure would deny Americans their constitutional right to bear arms without due process of law.

约旦军方:叙利亚边境发生汽车炸弹爆炸 6名军人丧生

一名约旦军方官员星期二说，一枚汽车炸弹在约旦与叙利亚边界爆炸，造成6名军人死亡，14人受伤。爆炸发生在鲁克班地区，那里居住着数万名逃离暴力，希望进入约旦寻求庇护的叙利亚难民。

目前还没有人宣称对袭击事件负责。约旦军方说，爆炸摧毁了几辆涉嫌袭击的汽车，但没有透露更多细节。

约旦境内在联合国登记注册的难民已超过65万，而事实上的难民人数远远不止于此。约旦人口为800万，跟其他与叙利亚接壤的国家一样，为这些难民提供食宿给约旦带来了很大压力。联合国呼吁为接纳难民的国家提供资金援助，但到位资金远未达到预设目标。

Jordanian Army Says Car Bomb Near Syrian Border Killed 6 Soldiers

A Jordanian army official said Tuesday a car bomb that exploded along Jordan's border with Syria killed six soldiers and wounded 14 others. The blast happened in the Rukban area where tens of thousands of people fleeing the violence in Syria have sought refuge as they try to get into Jordan.

There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. Jordan's army said it destroyed several other vehicles that were involved, but did not provide more details.

The United Nations has already registered more than 650,000 refugees in Jordan. The nation of 8 million people is hosting many more than that and like other countries bordering Syria has struggled to cope with the added strain of providing for so many extra people. U.N. appeals for aid money have fallen far short of their goals.