克林顿称自己感觉良好 正从肺炎中康复

希拉里·克林顿因患肺炎在纽约市郊查巴克的家中养病，她说自己“感觉良好，而且情况越来越好。”

她在推特上发文说：“就像任何在家养病的人一样，我急切地想重返阵地。我们很快就会在竞选途中相遇。”

克林顿的医生上周五诊断她患有肺炎。

克林顿周一对美国有线电视新闻网说，她没有遵照医嘱好好休息，因为她“非常坚决”地要参加周日在纽约市举行的911周年纪念活动。

克林顿说，她本以为自己可以“挺过”纪念活动，但因体温过高而不得不提早离开。

视频显示克林顿几乎瘫倒在地，被人搀扶进她的车里。她的双膝似乎发软，难以站立。

助手驱车把她送到她女儿切尔西在纽约的公寓。几个小时后，她从里面出来，神采奕奕地对记者说她感觉非常好。

克林顿的竞选官员取消了星期一和星期二她在加州的竞选活动。她遵照医嘱修改了日程，在家静养。

克林顿周一对每一位送上祝福的人表示感谢，其中包括共和党竞选对手川普。

川普周一说：“我希望她痊愈并重返竞选活动，我们将在辩论中看到她。”川普期待9月26日他们之间的首次面对面辩论。

Clinton Says She Feels Fine and Is Getting Better as She Recovers from Pneumonia

Hillary Clinton says she is "feeling fine and getting better," as she recovers from pneumonia at her home in Chappaqua, outside New York City.

"Like anyone who's ever been home sick from work, I'm anxious to get back out there. See you on the (campaign) trail soon," Clinton tweeted.

Clinton's doctor diagnosed her with pneumonia on Friday.

She told CNN Monday that she ignored her doctor's advice to take it easy because she said she was "incredibly committed" to being at a September 11 anniversary event in New York City Sunday.

Clinton said she thought she could "power through" the event, but got overheated and had to leave early.

Video showed her nearly collapsing while being helped into her car. Her knees appeared to buckle under her.

Aides drove her to her daughter Chelsea's New York apartment, where she emerged several hours later, looking bright and telling reporters she felt great.

Clinton officials canceled campaign appearances Monday and Tuesday in California. She is under a doctor's orders to modify her schedule and get some rest.

Clinton Monday thanked everyone who sent their best wishes, which included Republican rival Donald Trump.

"I hope she gets well and gets back on the trail and we'll be seeing her in the debate," Trump said Monday, looking forward to their first face-to-face meeting September 26.

叙利亚宰牲节停火，零星战斗仍在继续

星期二是叙利亚停火第一天。有报道说，叙利亚境内普遍平静，只有几起暴力事件发生。

停战星期一日落时生效。几小时后，美国国务卿克里宣布，这可能是保护这个国家的“最后一次机会”了。5年内战导致叙利亚四分五裂。

克里说，现在判断美俄斡旋达成的停火协议是否有效仍为时过早。

这个协议是由美国国务卿克里和俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫上周六早上在日内瓦宣布的。协议得到了伊朗和土耳其等其它国家的支持。伊朗支持叙利亚政府，土耳其则希望把在大马士革的阿萨德总统赶下台。

克里在美国国务院发表讲话，呼吁有关各方停止敌对行动，他预计，接下来几天，要想维持停火，并为人道援助重新进入饱受战争蹂躏的地区扫清道路，将遇到重重挑战。

如果根据该协议保持7天的相对平静，美俄就可以相互协调，针对伊斯兰国组织以及被认为是基地组织分支的努斯拉阵线实施空中打击。

克里形容叙利亚的局势是他在担任美国联邦参议员和国务卿的几十年间所遇到的最复杂的冲突，因为那里“进行着好几场战争。”

Eid Cease-fire in Syria Brings Widespread Calm but Some Fighting Continues

A cease-fire in Syria entered its first full day Tuesday with reports of widespread calm and a few instances of violence.

The halt in fighting went into effect after sundown Monday. Hours later, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry declared it “may be the last chance” to preserve the country fractured by five years of civil war.

He said it is premature to make a determination on the U.S. and Russian brokered cease-fire’s effectiveness.

The agreement was announced early Saturday in Geneva by Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. It is supported by a number of other nations, including Iran, which is a backer of the Syrian government, and Turkey, which wants the removal of President Bashar al-Assad from power in Damascus.

Making an appeal from the State Department podium for all parties to observe the cessation of hostilities, Kerry predicted there will be challenges in the immediate days ahead for the cease-fire to hold, and clearing the way for significant humanitarian access to some of the hardest-hit areas to resume.

Seven days of relative calm under the agreement would lead to U.S.-Russian coordinated air strikes against Islamic State and the al-Nusra Front (which now calls itself Jabhat Fateh al-Sham), considered to be a branch of al-Qaida.

Kerry characterized the situation in Syria as the most complex conflict he has confronted in his decades of service as a U.S. senator and America’s top diplomat, because “there are a bunch of wars going on” there.