美国停止向沙特出售特定武器

美国官员说，由于沙特阿拉伯在也门内战中的一些军事行径令人担心，美国决定不再按计划向沙特出售精确制导武器。也门内战已造成数千名平民死亡。

该官员说，奥巴马政府取消了向美国主要盟友沙特阿拉伯出售空投精确制导炸弹的计划。 “这显然直接反映了我们对造成平民伤亡的沙特空袭的关切。”

除了取消出售精确制导武器以外，美国还将调整其训练沙特空军人员的方式，这种训练旨在提高其空军的准确性。这也是奥巴马政府持续关注的问题。

候任总统川普准备接管美国政府之际，这些决定可能进一步加剧美国和沙特的紧张关系。

联合国人权办公室8月表示，沙特领导的联盟对也门2015年3月以来遇害的3800名平民中大约60%的死亡负有责任。一些人权团体批评美国通过军售和为沙特联盟的飞机加油来支持沙特的战争行径。一些人权团体还表示，沙特为首的联盟轰炸诊所、工厂、市场和学校，犯下了战争罪。

沙特阿拉伯不是否认这些攻击，就是说空袭是正当的，因为目标内藏有武装分子。沙特阿拉伯尚未对奥巴马政府的最新决定做出回应。

US Halts Sale of Some Arms to Saudi Arabia

The United States will halt the planned sale of precision-guided weapons to Saudi Arabia, a U.S. official said, in response to concerns over Saudi military practices in the Yemeni civil war, which has claimed the lives of thousands of civilians.

The official said President Barack Obama's administration canceled the sale of air-dropped precision-guided munitions to Saudi Arabia, a key U.S. ally. "That's obviously a direct reflection of the concerns that we have about Saudi strikes that have resulted in civilian casualties," the official said.

In addition to canceling the sale of the precision-guided weapons, the U.S. will alter the way it trains Saudi air force personnel to improve their accuracy, a persistent source of concern in the Obama administration.

The decisions could further strain ties between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia at a time when the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump prepares to assume control of the executive branch of the U.S. government.

The United Nations human rights office said in August that the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen was responsible for about 60 percent of the 3,800 civilians killed since March 2015. Some rights groups have criticized the U.S. for supporting the Saudi war effort with weapons sales and refueling Saudi-led coalition jets. Some rights groups also say attacks by the Saudi-led coalition on clinics, factories, markets and schools amount to war crimes.

Saudi Arabia has either denied the attacks or said the presence of fighters in the targeted areas justified the strikes. Saudi Arabia has not yet responded to the latest decisions by the Obama administration.

川普提名前得克萨斯州长佩里担任能源部长

立场保守的佩里可能会改变奥巴马政府能源部的工作重点，从再生能源转向佩里在得克萨斯州推动的石油和矿物燃料。佩里对于人类活动造成气候变化的说法公开表示质疑，不过他担任州长期间，得克萨斯州成为主要的风能生产者。

佩里2011年参加共和党总统候选人提名时曾犯过严重的政治失误，降低了他在本次大选中战胜川普获得提名的机会。

当时佩里在一次辩论中主张取消三个联邦政府部门，一个是商务部，一个教育部，然后他支吾半天承认自己想不起第三个要取消的部门是什么，事后表示，他要取消的是能源部。

川普星期二大部分时间都在纽约忙于1月20号就职前完成内阁成员的任命。

媒体星期二报道说，前海军海豹特种部队成员、来自蒙大拿州的共和党众议员瑞安.金克据信会被提名为内政部长。

Trump Picks Former Texas Governor Perry for Energy Chief Position

Perry, a staunch conservative, could shift the Department of Energy away from its recent focus on renewable energy, which President Barack Obama has championed, and back toward oil and fossil fuels, which Perry promoted in oil-rich Texas. Perry has been a vocal skeptic of man-made climate change, but during his tenure as governor turned Texas into a major producer of wind-powered energy.

In 2011, during his first unsuccessful bid for the presidency, Perry committed a political gaffe that diminished his chances in his race against Trump.

During a debate, Perry called for elimination of three federal government agencies - the Departments of Commerce and Education, and then couldn't remember the third, finally saying, "Oops." He later said Energy was the third agency he wanted to abolish.

For most of Tuesday, Trump continued to work in New York to fill his Cabinet before his inauguration on January 20, when Obama leaves office.

Media reports late Tuesday said Republican Congressman Ryan Zinke of Montana, a former Navy SEAL, was believed to be the president-elect's choice for Secretary of the Interior.