巴黎检察官：尼斯卡车袭击者有同伙并策划数月

巴黎检察官说，驾驶卡车在尼斯庆祝巴士底日的人群中横冲直撞的人有同伙，看上去他为了这次袭击策划了数月之久。尼斯袭击导致84人死亡。

检察官莫林斯星期四在首都巴黎对记者们说，从袭击者手机上的搜索记录和照片看，他从2015年起就开始为这场袭击做准备。

莫林斯说，5名在押嫌疑人将接受实施恐怖主义的初步指控，他们被指控为罪犯发动7月14日的恐怖行动起到帮助作用，其中包括合谋谋杀和拥有武器。

莫林斯说，嫌疑人中有四名男子，其中有两个突尼斯裔法国人，一个突尼斯人，一个阿尔巴尼亚人，还有一名拥有法国与阿尔巴尼亚双重国籍的女性。据法新社报道，情报官员不了解他们中的任何一人。

31岁的卡车司机穆罕默德·布哈勒尔是突尼斯人，他已经在尼斯居住数年。

Paris Prosecutor: Nice Truck Attacker had Accomplices and Planned for Months

The Paris prosecutor says that the man who drove a truck through crowds celebrating Bastille Day in Nice, killing 84 people, had accomplices and it seemed he had been plotting his attack for months.

Speaking to reporters Thursday in the French capital, Francois Molins said that information from his phone showed searches and photos that suggested he could have been preparing an attack as far back as 2015.

Molins said that five suspects currently in custody are facing preliminary terrorism charges, including complicity to murder and possessing weapons, for their alleged roles in helping the perpetrator to carry the terrorist act on July 14.

He identified the suspects to be four men, two Franco-Tunisians, a Tunisian and an Albanian, and one woman of dual French-Albanian nationality. Intelligence services did not know any of them, according to the French news agency, AFP.

The 31-year-old driver of the truck, Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, was a Tunisian man who had been living in Nice for several years.

川普在共和党大会上提出“法治”的竞选纲领

在正式获得共和党总统候选人提名的首次演讲中，川普表示，美国最近发生的暴力事件亟待解决，他说自己实事求是，他领导下的美国将成为一个“法治”的国家。

他说：“我们这次代表大会恰逢国家危机。对警察的袭击，我们城市里的恐怖主义，威胁到我们的生活方式。任何不了解这一威胁的政治人物，就不配领导我们的国家。”

川普列举一系列数据说明，包括华盛顿和巴尔的摩在内的几个主要城市的犯罪活动增加。川普说，过去一年，这两个城市的谋杀率分别上升了百分之50和百分之60”。

他说：“在总统的家乡芝加哥，仅今年一年，就有2千多人成为枪击事件的受害人。自从他就任总统以来，芝加哥地区有3600多人被打死。”

川普把最近在路易斯安那州巴吞鲁日市和德克萨斯州达拉斯市针对警察的袭击事件称为“对所有美国人的攻击”。他指责奥巴马总统利用“总统职权以种族和肤色之别分裂我们。”

Trump Lays Out 'Law and Order' Platform in RNC Speech

In his first speech Thursday night as the official Republican nominee for U.S. president, Donald Trump struck a tone of urgency regarding recent violent events in the U.S. and billed himself as a truth-teller in saying that under a Trump presidency the country would be one of “law and order.”

“Our Convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country,” he said.

Trump listed a number of statistics showing an uptick in crime in several major cities, including Washington and Baltimore, which Trump said have seen a rise in murders of 50 percent and 60 percent, respectively, over the last year.

“In the president’s hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 have been the victims of shootings this year alone. And more than 3,600 have been killed in the Chicago area since he took office,” he said.

With regards to the recent targeted shootings of police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Dallas, Texas, Trump called them “an attack on all Americans,” and blamed President Barack Obama for using “the pulpit of the presidency to divide us by race and color.”