美俄围绕叙利亚战争恢复高级别面对面外交接洽

美国国务卿克里和俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫进行新一轮会谈，陪同克里谈判的美国外交官对双方就叙利亚停火达成协议的前景进行低调处理。

一名美国官员说，“我们不能保证达成最终协议”。不过，克里星期三和星期四同拉夫罗夫通过至少四次电话后保持乐观，周五一早飞回瑞士，准备展开估计不到一天的谈判。

几天以来一直胶着的问题被美国官员形容为技术问题。美国国务院另一名官员在飞机上告诉克里随行的媒体说，一个关键问题是要保证阿勒颇不会发生围城的情况。他补充说，不仅仅是停止射击，并解释说，更长远的目标是在停火后为叙利亚新领导层过渡铺平道路。

外界对美国国务院反复描述的当前目标，即达成叙利亚全国范围内可持续的停火协议能够撑多久，抱持相当的怀疑态度。

五年战争让叙利亚分崩离析，除伊斯兰国自成一体，其他派别相互对立，各有不同效忠。

俄罗斯希望叙利亚总统阿萨德继续担任总统，但温和的反对派势力和土耳其则坚持，如果阿萨德留任，就不可能达成任何过渡协议。

美国的一贯立场是，鉴于阿萨德的残酷行径，不能让他作为未来政府的领导人。

US, Russia Resume High-Level Face-to-Face Diplomacy on Syria War

As U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry headed into another round of talks with his Russian counterpart, Sergei Lavrov, the American diplomats accompanying Kerry sought to downplay expectations of an imminent deal on a Syrian cease-fire.

“We can’t guarantee in any way we are on the cusp of finality,” said one U.S. official.

But Kerry, who spoke by telephone with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov at least four times Wednesday and Thursday, was optimistic enough to fly back to Switzerland for what is expected to be no more than a single day of negotiations.

The sticking points, for days, have been described by U.S. officials as “technical matters.” A key one, it has been revealed, involves ensuring “there will not be a siege of Aleppo,” according to a second State Department official who spoke to reporters aboard Kerry’s plane. “It’s not simply ’stop shooting,’” he added, explaining that overall the larger goal remains clearing the way for a transition stage to new leadership in Syria after a cease-fire holds.

There is considerable skepticism that a nationwide, sustainable cease-fire - the immediate goals as it has been repeatedly characterized by State Department officials - can hold for any period of time.

Syria is fractured after five years of war. There are numerous client forces of questionable allegiance and discipline pitted against each other, in addition to the so-called Islamic State group, which is beholden to no one.

Russia wants to see Syrian President Bashar al-Assad stay in power while moderate opposition forces and Turkey insist there can be no transition deal that retains him for any period of time.

The United States long-held stance is that the Syrian leader, for his brutal acts, cannot lead any future government.

川普与希拉里在国家安全问题上相互抨击

美国共和党总统候选人川普和民主党候选人希拉里·克林顿发表了迄今为止最严厉的相互抨击，一天前有关国家安全的一场电视论坛让这两位候选人都处在强烈的聚光灯下。

川普星期四在俄亥俄州克利夫兰一所学校参加活动时说，希拉里·克林顿前一晚的表现更证明了她不适合担任三军统帅。川普说，希拉里·克林顿对其担任国务卿期间所秉持的中东政策的失败，仍然拒绝承担责任。

他说希拉里·克林顿在侵犯他国和推翻政权方面有好战的愉悦感，导致利比亚、伊拉克、叙利亚等国国破人亡。

川普说，希拉里担任国务卿期间经营着一个犯罪企业，偏袒那些给她的克林顿慈善基金捐款的人，并指责说，希拉里用锤子砸坏电话，向调查人员隐瞒证据。

川普暗示，支持希拉里·克林顿当选总统的人都将证明是上当受骗。

而希拉里·克林顿在北卡罗来纳州夏洛特市的一个集会上说，川普说俄罗斯总统普京比奥巴马总统是更称职的领导人，这种话让她感到震惊。

她说：“这种话不仅不爱国，不仅有辱白宫和美国总统，而且简直令人恐惧，极其危险。”

希拉里·克林顿还嘲笑川普的所谓打败伊斯兰国的秘密计划，她说，之所以是秘密，是因为他根本就没有计划。她还对川普星期三晚上当众评论专为总统候选人所做的一次秘密国家安全简报会的做法提出批评。

Trump, Clinton Viciously Attack Each Other on National Security

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton unleashed some of their harshest criticisms about each other to date, a day after a televised forum on national security put each under a strong spotlight.

Appearing at a school in Cleveland, Ohio, Trump said Clinton's performance Wednesday night was more evidence she is unfit to be commander-in-chief. Trump said Clinton continues to refuse to take responsibility for her "failed" Middle East policies as secretary of state.

He called Clinton "trigger happy" in a race to invade countries and topple regimes, resulting in "ruin and death" in Libya, Iraq, and Syria.

When she was secretary, Clinton ran a criminal enterprise, Trump asserted, by granting favors to donors to the Clinton Foundation charity, and accused her of smashing telephones with hammers to hide evidence from investigators.

Trump intimated that those who back Clinton for president are "suckers."

Clinton told a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina that Trump's comment that Russian President Vladimir Putin is "far more" of a leader than President Barack Obama "shocked her."

"That is not just unpatriotic, it's not just insulting to the office and to the man who holds the office. It is scary, it is dangerous," she said.

Clinton also derided Trump's so-called "secret plan" to defeat Islamic State. She says it is a secret because he has no plan. She also took Trump to task for commenting in public Wednesday night on a confidential national security briefing given to presidential candidates.