朝鲜大游行，庆祝劳动党代表大会闭幕

朝鲜领导人金正恩星期二主持在平壤市中心举行的大规模游行，庆祝执政党劳动党代表大会闭幕。在这次党代会上，金正恩巩固了对政权的掌控。

数十万身穿鲜艳服装的朝鲜人走过金日成广场。金正恩从广场观礼台上向民众招手致意。

这次为期四天的党代会星期一闭幕，这是朝鲜劳动党36年来首次举行代表大会。与会代表通过了金正恩提出的“并进政策”（Byongjin），即在推动经济发展的同时，增强朝鲜的核武力量。

党代会还任命前朝鲜人民军总参谋长李永吉担任几个高级职位。数月前，韩国情报官员曾说，李永吉因腐败及其他罪名遭到处决。

North Korea Holds Massive Rally as Party Congress Ends

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un presided over massive parade in the center of Pyongyang Tuesday marking the end of the country's ruling party congress during which he solidified his grip on power.

Hundreds of thousands of brightly-dressed North Koreans marched through Kim ll–sung Square. Kim Jong Un watched and waved to the crowd from a viewing balcony high above the square.

The four-day Workers' Party congress -- the country's first in 36 years -- ended Monday after the delegates rubber stamped Kim's "Byongjin" policy of pursuing economic development while simultaneously boosting the North's nuclear arsenal.

The congress also named Ri Yong-Gil, North Korea's former military chief, to a number of senior ruling posts -- just months after South Korean intelligence officials said he had been executed on accusations of corruption and other charges.

研究人员找到诊断寨卡病毒感染的快捷低成本方法

哈佛大学的一个科研小组说，他们成功研制出了一种快速确诊寨卡病毒感染的方法，而这种方法在世界各地都可以使用。

一年前，西半球首先爆发寨卡病毒感染疫情，目前已有57个国家和地区发现寨卡病毒感染病例，其中大多数是被携带寨卡病毒的蚊子叮咬而受到感染，还有几个国家发现了由性接触感染寨卡病毒的病例。

哈佛科研小组曾研究出诊断埃博拉病毒感染的方法。在合成生物学家科林斯的带领下，该小组以这种方法为基础，找到通过检验血液、尿液或唾液诊断寨卡病毒感染的方法。

他们在《细胞》期刊上发表论文说，这种诊断方法使用一张人手大小的试纸，如果接受检测的体液中携带寨卡病毒，试纸会改变颜色，30分钟就可以得出人眼可以观察出的结果。研究人员说，如果使用特别检测仪观察试纸，时间还可以更短。

Researchers Develop Quicker and Cheaper Zika Test

A team of researchers based at Harvard University say they have developed a testing method that could quickly diagnose Zika virus, and do so basically anywhere in the world.

The Zika outbreak first hit the Western Hemisphere a year. Some 57 countries and territories are now reporting cases of people being infected, most by mosquitos that can carry the Zika virus. Several countries also have reported cases that appear to have spread through sexual contact.

Building on work they did to develop a screening method for Ebola, the researchers led by synthetic biologist James Collins came up with a way to screen blood, urine or saliva for Zika virus.

In a paper published in the journal Cell, they said their method uses paper cards about the size of a human hand. If Zika is present, the card changes color. The testing can produce a result in as little as 30 minutes with the change in color easily visible to the naked eye. An even faster result can be achieved by placing the card in a special reader, the researchers say.