调查人员搜查纽约爆炸嫌疑人

美国联邦调查局和纽约市警方星期一仍在寻找爆炸嫌疑人，并试图查明星期六晚上曼哈顿引爆的一枚炸弹和附近发现的另外一枚炸弹之间可能存在的联系。

星期天晚上，有关当局在纽约市布鲁克林区的一个高速公路上拦截了一个“相关车辆”。联邦调查局说，他们对车内的五个人进行了讯问，但没有人被指控犯罪。

星期六曼哈顿切尔西街区发生爆炸，导致29人受伤，目前伤者已全部出院。

第二个爆炸装置是在第一枚炸弹引爆后不久被发现的，它是由一个高压锅和系在上面的手机制成的炸弹。警方成功地把它从该地区挪走。警方星期天说，他们在严密的控制下引爆了这个爆炸装置。

联邦调查局的技术人员正在华盛顿附近的一个实验室检查从这两枚炸弹上获取的证据。

美国有线电视新闻网援引多位执法消息人士的话说，从两枚炸弹附近的监控录像中，发现了同一名男子。

纽约市市长白思豪星期天提醒人们，弄清爆炸的动机还有很多工作要做。他对记者说：“这是出于政治动机，还是出于个人动机，究竟是什么？我们还不知道。”

纽约州州长安德鲁·库默说，这个爆炸是一起“恐怖主义行径”，但表示，目前还没有“国际恐怖主义”的证据。库默还表示：“为审慎起见”，将增派1000名警察和国民警卫队在纽约的地铁系统巡逻。

这两位领导人都说，没有证据把纽约的爆炸和星期六早上新泽西州一个海边城市的垃圾桶里的管状炸弹爆炸联系在一起。这个海滨城市位于纽约市以南大约135公里处。没有人在爆炸中受伤。

有关当局星期天晚上在纽约市郊外新泽西州的一个火车站发现了另外一个可疑装置。他们在调查的同时，暂停了这个地区的铁路服务。他们说，目前断定它是否与该地区的其它事件有关还为时过早。

Investigators Search for Suspects in New York Bombing

The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and police in New York were still searching Monday for suspects and possible links between a bomb that exploded Saturday night in Manhattan and another found nearby.

Authorities stopped a "vehicle of interest" on a highway in the Brooklyn section of New York late Sunday, and the FBI said it questioned five people inside, but that no one had been charged with any crime.

The blast Saturday in the Chelsea neighborhood wounded 29 people, all whom have been released from the hospital.

The second device, recovered a short time after the first went off, involved a pressure cooker with a cell phone attached to it. Police were able to safely remove it from the area and said Sunday they blew it up in a controlled explosion.

FBI technicians are examining evidence from both of the bombs at a lab near Washington.

CNN also cited multiple law enforcement sources saying a man was seen on surveillance footage at both bomb sites.

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio cautioned Sunday a lot of work remains to figure out the motivation behind the bombing. "Was it a political motivation, a personal motivation, what was it? We do not know that yet." he told reporters.

New York Governor Andrew Cuomo called the blast an "act of terrorism," but said there was no evidence of "international terrorism." Cuomo also said an extra 1,000 police and National Guard troops would patrol the New York subway system as a precaution.

Both leaders also said there was no evidence yet linking the New York bombs with a pipe bomb that exploded Saturday morning in a trash can in a New Jersey beach town 135 kilometers south of the city. No one was hurt in that blast.

Authorities found another suspicious device late Sunday at a New Jersey train station located just outside New York. They suspended rail service in that area while they investigated, and it was too early to know if it had any connection with the other incidents in the region.

美国促朝鲜认真对待事态发展

朝鲜进行最近一次核试验九天后，美国国务卿克里星期日表示，如果平壤冻结核武器和弹道导弹发展项目，美国依然愿意努力恢复与朝鲜的对话。

这个多国对话机制论坛成立于2003年，包括朝鲜、韩国、中国、日本、俄罗斯和美国，目的是实现朝鲜半岛非核化，但是从2008年12月以来，六方会谈就没有再开过会。当时阻碍会谈的原因是核查朝鲜核项目的问题无法得到解决。

分析人士在研究了朝鲜卫星图像之后表示，朝鲜可能已经完成了下面三次核试验的准备工作。新的核试验随时都会开始。

鉴于平壤屡次蔑视联合国安理会的决议和制裁，韩国外交部长尹炳世星期天似乎不愿意考虑与朝鲜官员恢复谈判。

尹炳世要求联合国大会发出“一个一致而有力的信息”，在朝鲜进入核武化的最后阶段对它采取更为有力的制裁。

尹炳世警告说，平壤的核武器是一个“正在形成的巨大风暴，它可能不只扑向东北亚，也可能横扫全世界。”

US Urges North Korea to Get Serious

Nine days after North Korea’s latest nuclear test, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry Sunday expressed a continued willingness to try to revive dialogue with Pyongyang if it freezes its atomic weapons and ballistic weapons development programs.

A multi-national forum intended to denuclearize the Korean peninsula was set up in 2003, but the parties (both Koreas, China, Japan, Russia and the United States) have not met since December 2008, when talks stalled over verification issues.

Analysts, reviewing open source satellite imagery, say the impoverished country may have completed preparations for three more nuclear tests that could occur at any time.

South Korea’s foreign minister, Yu Byung-se, appeared in no mood Sunday to consider negotiations with his country’s arch-rival, in view of Pyongyang’s repeated defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions and sanctions.

Yun called for the current U.N. General Assembly to “send out a united and forceful message,” and impose even more robust sanctions on North Korea as it is “now at the final stage of nuclear weaponization.”

Yu warned that Pyongyang’s weapons are a “looming perfect storm that may not only pounce on Northeast Asia but sweep over the entire world.”