乔治亚州对在押34年的死刑犯执行处决

美国南部乔治亚州星期五凌晨处死了一名犯人，这名死刑犯已经被关押了34年，美国最高法院拒绝延缓对他的处决。

约翰∙韦恩∙康纳尔在乔治亚州杰克逊市的州立监狱里接受了注射死刑。

60岁的康钠尔原定星期四晚上被处死，但当时上诉程序还在进行。

康纳尔1982年晚上喝酒后跟朋友J.T.怀特发生争执，把怀特打死，因此被定罪。

康纳尔是乔治亚州今年被执行死刑的第六个人，是该州现行死刑法实施以来人数最多的一年。

US State of Georgia Executes Convict After 34 Years on Death Row

The southern U.S. state of Georgia executed a man early Friday morning after the U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution for the convict who had been on death row for 34 years.

John Wayne Conner received a lethal injection at the state prison in Jackson, Georgia.

The 60-year-old Conner was scheduled to be put to death Thursday evening, but the appeals process was still under way.

Conner was convicted for fatally beating his friend J.T. White during an argument after a night of drinking in 1982.

Conner's execution is the sixth in Georgia this year, a record under the current death penalty law.

克里：尼斯恐袭显示要加强在叙利亚的行动

美国国务卿克里星期五跟俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫会谈时表示，尼斯发生的恐怖袭击显示，越来越需要加强行动力度，铲除恐怖主义，特别是在叙利亚。

克里此次访问莫斯科，是为了寻求俄罗斯的合作，在叙利亚共同反恐，尽管乌克兰和北约等诸多问题使美俄两国关系陷入紧张，双方互不信任。

星期四晚上，一名男子开卡车冲撞在尼斯海边庆祝法国独立日的人群，造成至少84人丧生，几十人受伤。克里引述在尼斯发生的“令人难以置信的杀戮”，指出一定要采取行动，打击叙利亚境内的恐怖分子。

克里跟俄罗斯方面的两天会谈预计将涉及广泛议题，但是华盛顿邮报率先报道的内部泄漏文件显示，克里会向普京提出不同寻常的邀约，那就是建立美俄军事联盟，共同对付叙利亚境内的伊斯兰国，基地组织和其他极端团体势力。

Kerry: Nice Terror Attack Shows Need for Increased Action in Syria

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, while speaking with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov Friday, said the attack in Nice showed the growing need for action to stamp out terrorism, particularly in Syria.

Kerry is visiting Moscow in an effort to secure Russian cooperation in anti-terror operations in Syria, despite a breakdown in U.S.-Russia relations over Ukraine, NATO and other issues that have left both sides simmering with distrust.

Thursday night, a man driving a truck drove through a crowd of people celebrating Bastille Day along Nice’s seaside promenade, killing at least 84 people and injuring dozens of others. Kerry referred to the “incredible carnage” in Nice when he said something needs to be done about terrorists in Syria.

Kerry's two days of talks with the Russians are expected to touch on a wide range of issues; but, leaked reports first published by The Washington Post suggest the top U.S. diplomat is offering Putin something dramatic: a U.S.-Russia military alliance against Islamic State, al-Qaida and other extremist groups in Syria.