克利夫兰夺七 荣获NBA总冠军

在星期日晚间举行的NBA总决赛第7场比赛中，克利夫兰骑士队以93比89的比分击败金州勇士队，荣获冠军称号，结束了克利夫兰几十年来夺冠乏力的心痛。

这是克利夫兰52年来的第一个冠军，此前各种比赛的球队多次与冠军失之交臂。

俄亥俄州阿克隆市是骑士队球星勒布朗·詹姆斯的家乡，对他的职业生涯来说，这场比赛具有特殊意义。2003年，詹姆斯通过选秀进入骑士队，后来加盟迈阿密热火队，离开时闹得很不愉快。詹姆斯在热火两次获得总冠军，他上个赛季回到骑士队。

在7场4胜制的总决赛中，骑士队先以1比3落后，最后实现逆转，这是NBA历史上的第一次。

在星期日的比赛中，詹姆斯获得27分，并拿下11次助攻和11个篮板。

Cavaliers Win Game 7 to Take NBA Championship

The Cleveland Cavaliers ended decades of sports heartbreak in the city Sunday night by beating the Golden State Warriors 93-89 in the deciding seventh game of the National Basketball Association Finals.

The championship breaks a 52-year drought for the city of Cleveland, which has endured teams in multiple sports getting close to winning only to fall short.

It also marks a special moment in the career of LeBron James, the Cavs star who grew up in nearby Akron, Ohio. He was drafted by the team when he entered the league in 2003, but left on bad terms to Miami where he won two championships before returning to Cleveland last season.

The Cavaliers also did something never before accomplished in league history, coming back from a three games-to-one deficit in the final round to win.

James led the Cavaliers with 27 points, 11 assists and 11 rebounds.

喀布尔自杀爆炸 14人丧生

塔利班声称对喀布尔星期一清晨的自杀袭击负责。爆炸袭击对象是一辆小巴士，造成至少14人死亡，数人受伤。

警方说，爆炸手徒步接近这辆小巴，然后引爆炸弹。

阿富汗内政部说，遇难者都是尼泊尔安全警卫，受伤的有5个尼泊尔人和4个阿富汗人。

阿富汗首席执行官阿卜杜拉谴责这起暴力事件，称其为“恐怖和恐吓行径”。

塔利班还宣称对喀布尔星期一上午发生的路边炸弹袭击负责。一名省议员和他的两名警卫被炸伤。

北约谴责这起袭击，指出塔利班虽曾做出承诺，但这类可怕的袭击显示，他们完全漠视无辜平民的生命。

据报道，在阿富汗东北部巴达赫尚省，一名自杀爆炸手在一个市场将一辆装满炸药的摩托车引爆，炸死至少8人，炸伤40余人。

Suicide Bomber Kills 14 in Kabul

The Taliban has claimed responsibility for a suicide attack early Monday morning in Kabul, killing at least 14 people on a minibus and wounding several others.

Police say the bomber approached the bus on foot and set off explosives.

Afghanistan's Interior Ministry says those killed were Nepalese security guards. Five other Nepalese nationals were wounded along with four Afghans.

Afghanistan's Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah has condemned the violence as an "act of terror and intimidation."

The Taliban has also now claimed responsibility for a roadside bomb in Kabul Monday morning in which a provincial council member was wounded along with his two bodyguards.

NATO has condemned the attacks, saying "Horrific attacks like these show that, despite the Taliban's promises, they have a complete disregard for the lives of innocent civilians."

Elsewhere in Afghanistan, there are reports a suicide bomber riding an explosives-packed motorbike has blown himself up in a busy marketplace in northeastern Badakhshan province, killing at least eight people and wounding more than 40 others.