英国开始公投 决定是否留在欧盟

星期四，英国开始举行历史性公投，最终决定英国是否要继续留在欧盟。

选民前往投票站之际，民调显示留欧派和脱欧派势均力敌。

预计投票人数会很多。两个月来，两派之间的激烈辩论主要围绕着高度敏感并引发分歧的移民问题。自2000年以来，英国的移民速度增加了一倍。

卡梅伦首相是留欧派的领袖。星期四，他做了最后努力，争取说服尚未拿定主意的选民。他说，留在一个经过改革的欧盟，英国会更好更强大。卡梅伦和其他反对脱欧的人士说，如果英国脱离拥有28个成员国的欧盟，经济将遭受严重损失。

分析人士说，卡梅伦的政治前途将取决于星期四的公投结果，如果脱欧派赢得公投，卡梅伦几乎别无选择，只能辞职，但卡梅伦一直表示不会辞职。

Polls open in Britain’s historic EU referendum

Voting began Thursday in Britain’s historic election that by the end of the day will decide whether the country remains in the European Union.

As voters went to polling stations, public opinion polls showed the two sides in a dead heat.

Turnout was expected to be high, culminating a bitter, two-month campaign that centered largely on immigration, a highly sensitive and divisive issue in a nation whose immigration rate has doubled since 2000.

Prime Minister David Cameron has led the call to remain. On Thursday, he made a final pitch to convince undecided voters. “We are stronger, we are better off in a reformed European Union,” he said. Cameron and other opponents of a Brexit say Britain’s economy will be badly damaged if it breaks away from the 28-nation bloc.

Analysts say Cameron’s political future hangs in the balance depending on the outcome of the poll. If the voters’ decision Thursday is to leave the EU, pundits say Cameron will lose his mandate and have little choice but to resign, something the British leader has until now said he will not do.

美民主党众议员静坐 要求表决控枪议案

星期四清晨，美国民主党众议员继续在国会举行静坐，高喊“不表决议案就不休会”，要求在独立日休会之前对一项有关控制枪支的议案进行表决。

乔治亚州民主党众议员约翰·路易斯是美国民权运动的象征性人物。在他的带领下，民主党议员们誓言要在国会一直进行静坐下去，直到控枪议案付诸表决。

共和党议员最初还想敲议事锤来维持秩序，但民主党议员拒绝停止静坐。共和党人于是宣布休会，并关了麦克风，虽然大厅里灯还亮着，但是因为处于休会状态，所以大厅里的情况电视并没有转播。

民主党议员用一款名叫潜望镜的手机应用，把实况录像送上网，专门播报国会议事动态的非营利有线电视台C-Span随即开始播放潜望镜上的内容。

House Democrats Hold Marathon Sit-in to Demand Gun Reform

Rallying around their cry, "No bill, no break," House Democrats pressed on early Thursday in their sit-in calling for a vote on gun control legislation before leaving on their Independence Day break.

Led by civil rights icon John Lewis of Georgia, Democrats pledged to remain in the House in a “sit-in” until legislation is brought forward.

Republicans initially responded with gavel-banging and demanding order on the floor. When Democrats refused to disperse, Republicans recessed the chamber and turned off the microphones. Although lights continued to shine, proceedings ceased to be televised, because video is fed from the chamber only when it is in session.

Democrats responded by launching their own broadcasts, using the mobile application Periscope on their cellular phones. A non-profit U.S. cable outfit that covers congressional proceedings (C-Span) began broadcasting the Periscope feeds.