奥地利总统大选极右派候选人霍费尔被击败

奥地利反移民总统候选人诺伯特∙霍费尔败选，在这场被看作是对欧洲民粹主义实力考验的选举中未能成为第二次世界大战以来奥地利第一位极右翼总统。

以反体制、反移民、反欧盟为竞选主题的前航空工程师霍费尔承认败给了对手－独立候选人、环保主义者亚历山大∙范德贝伦。

媒体预测，范德贝伦赢得了53.3%的选票，霍费尔赢得46.7%。范德贝伦说，他的胜利对于所有欧洲联盟国家来说“象征着希望与变革”。

霍费尔本来有希望成为欧洲联盟第一位极右翼领导人，因为奥地利民众显然对于大批穆斯林来到奥地利寻求庇护造成的移民危机感到不安。

霍费尔星期天在维也纳举行记者会，承诺要继续努力，确保那些投票支持他的46%的奥地利民众不会被忽略。他说：“我们的事业并没有结束。”

Far Right's Hofer Defeated in Austria Election

Austria’s anti-immigrant candidate, Norbert Hofer, has failed in his bid to become the country’s first far right leader since World War II, in an election seen as a test for the strength of populist movements in Europe.

The former aeronautical engineer, who campaigned on an anti-establishment, anti-immigrant, anti-EU platform, conceded defeat to his environmentalist opponent, Alexander Van Der Bellen, who ran as an independent.

Media projections said Van der Bellen won with 53.3% of the vote, compared to Hofer’s 46.7%, a victory that Van der Bellen said is a “signal of hope and change” to “all the capitals of the European Union.”

Hofer had been poised to become the EU’s first far-right leader, as unease became evident in the country in the wake of a migrant crisis that has seen tens of thousands of Muslims seek asylum in Austria.

In Vienna on Sunday night, Hofer went before reporters at the city’s Hofburg Palace and pledged to keep up his efforts to ensure that the more than 46% of Austrians who voted for him were not ignored. “We are not done,” he said.

川普再次警告美国企业勿向海外转移

美国当选总统唐纳德·川普星期天向美国企业再次发出严厉警告，如果它们把生产转移海外，他们返销美国的产品将面临35%的征税。

川普在推特上连续发文说，他准备“大幅度降低”企业税率，减少企业管理条例。不过，他表示，任何企业如果要“解雇员工，在国外建新厂”，而“认为它的产品返销美国可以不受惩罚或面临后果的话，这种想法大错特错！”

这位身价数十亿美元的房地产大亨将于1月20日就任总统。他说，对于在国外制造的产品征收关税将大大提高去国外开厂的金融成本。请这些企业注意，以免犯下极其昂贵的错误。”

美国自2000年来已经损失了5百万个工作机会，有些是自动化的后果，有些则转移到了国外。企业老板在国外支付给工人的薪水要比他们在美国低很多。川普在漫长的竞选期间做出承诺，要阻止美国企业迁移国外，并且把流失海外的工作机会带回美国。

Trump Issues New Warning to US Corporations Moving Jobs Overseas

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump sternly warned American businesses again Sunday that if they move their operations overseas they would face a 35 percent tax if they then try to sell their products back in the United States.

In a series of Twitter comments, Trump said he plans to "substantially reduce" taxes and regulations on businesses. But he said that any company that "fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant" in another country "and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence, is wrong!"

The billionaire real estate mogul, who assumes power January 20, said the border tax on products manufactured in other countries "will make leaving financially difficult.... Please be forewarned prior to making a very expensive mistake!"

The U.S. has lost 5 million manufacturing jobs since 2000, many to automation and some to overseas locations where company owners are paying workers substantially less than they have been in the United States. But in his lengthy campaign for the White House, Trump vowed to curb the corporate departures and to bring back jobs that have already been moved overseas.