首尔爆发反萨德示威

数百名居住在美国萨德导弹防御系统计划部署地点附近的韩国民众周三在首尔举行抗议。

金泉市市长朴宝生对抗议者说，他试图说服省级官员和国防部官员，不要在他的城市附近部署末端高空防御体系统（THAAD，简称“萨德”），但没人理睬他的请求。金泉市有13000居民。

今年夏天爆发的抗议迫使韩国政府改变了原计划在星洲郡部署萨德的地点，那个地点距离星洲郡一处人口聚集区仅1.5公里之遥。

9月选出了新的部署地点，位于在星洲郡远郊的乐天天山乡村俱乐部高尔夫球场。这个地点距离金泉市8公里，地处朝鲜半岛的最南端。

周三在韩国首都参加反萨德示威的抗议者数量明显比7月那次大规模集会少了许多。那次集会估计有5000人参加。

一些人感到气愤的是，部署萨德的决定来得太过突然，根本没有征求当地人的意见。

许多当地居民担心萨德系统雷达发出的电磁辐射会给附近居民带来严重伤害，而且会污染农作物。

萨德系统运用高分辨率雷达探测和跟踪远距离和高海拔地区的弹道导弹威胁。这个系统使用雷达和红外探测技术操纵六个移动发射器和48枚拦截导弹。

韩国和美国军队曾试图通过在关岛进行萨德系统测试的方式驳斥这些对于健康的担忧。测试结果显示，在半径100米以外的安全区没有辐射危险。

但是一些居民表示，他们自己做的研究与政府发布的结果相矛盾。

Anti-THAAD Protesters Rally in Seoul

Hundreds of South Koreans who live near the future deployment site of the U.S. THAAD missile defense system staged a protest in Seoul Wednesday.

Gimcheon Mayor Park Bo-saeng told the protesters that he has tried to dissuade provincial leaders and defense ministry officials from deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system near his city of 13,000 people, but his pleas fell on deaf ears.

Protests over the summer forced the South Korean government to move the planned THAAD location away from one area in Seongju County that was 1.5 kilometers from a population center.

The new site, selected in September, is the Lotte Skyhill Country Club golf course, which is in a more rural part of Seongju County, and eight kilometers away from the city of Gimcheon, in the southern end of the Korean Peninsula.

The number of protesters who came to the South Korean capital for the anti-THAAD demonstration on Wednesday was significantly less than the estimated 5,000 that came for the last major rally in July.

Many are angry that the deployment decision was made suddenly without local input.

Many local residents are concerned that exposure to the electromagnetic radiation from the system’s radar could cause serious harm to nearby residents and could contaminate agricultural products.

THAAD uses high-resolution radar designed to detect and track ballistic missile threats at long distances and high altitudes. The system’s radar and infrared seeking technology are used to program six mobile launchers and 48 interceptor missiles.

South Korean and U.S. militaries have tried to refute these health concerns by publicly conducting a test of the THAAD system in Guam showing that outside a 100-meter radius safety zone, there is no danger of radiation exposure.

Some residents say they have done their own research that contradicts the government’s findings.

雅虎被指为情报机构扫描用户数以百万计的邮件

据知情者称，雅虎公司去年秘密定制软件程序，对所有用户的接收邮件进行搜索，帮助美国情报官员寻找特定信息。

两名前雅虎雇员和熟悉这一事件的另外一个人说，雅虎按照一份美国政府的机密指令，应美国国家安全局或联邦调查局的要求，对数千万用户的电邮进行扫描。

一些监督专家说，这是第一次出现美国网络公司接受情报机构的要求，对所有接收邮件进行搜索，而不是仅仅检查储存信息或即时扫描少量账号。

目前还不清楚，情报官员寻找的是些什么信息，只知道他们要求雅虎搜索特定字样。不愿透露姓名的知情者说，搜索内容可能是邮件或附件中的某个词组。

Sources: Yahoo Secretly Scanned Millions of Emails for Intelligence Agencies

Yahoo Inc. last year secretly built a custom software program to search all of its customers' incoming emails for specific information sought by U.S. intelligence officials, according to people familiar with the matter.

The company complied with a classified U.S. government directive, scanning hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts at the behest of the National Security Agency or FBI, said two former employees and a third person apprised of the events.

Some surveillance experts said this is the first known case of a U.S. internet company agreeing to a spy agency's demand by searching all arriving messages, as opposed to examining stored messages or scanning a small number of accounts in real time.

It is not known what information intelligence officials were looking for, only that they wanted Yahoo to search for a set of characters. That could mean a phrase in an email or an attachment, said the sources, who did not want to be identified.