希拉里∙克林顿称最近一周只想窝在家里

前民主党总统候选人希拉里∙克林顿说，过去的一个星期里，大部分时间她都“只想窝在家里，身边守着狗，读着一本好书，再也不要出门”。

自一个多星期前克林顿在大选中输给共和党候选人川普并发表败选讲话以来，希拉里∙克林顿星期三晚上首次在华盛顿的一次活动上公开露面发表讲话。

这次活动由儿童保护基金的战胜逆境项目举办，表彰五位克服不幸，学业优秀，前途光明的年轻人。

希拉里∙克林顿承认，来参加这次活动对她来说不是一件容易的事。但是她说，儿童基金会表彰的这五位年轻人面对暴力，贫穷和遗弃，也从未选择过放弃。

Hillary Clinton Says She Spent the Week 'Never Wanting to Leave the House Again'

Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said all she wanted to do for most of the past week was "curl up with a good book with a dog and never leave the house again."

Clinton made her first public appearance Wednesday night in Washington after conceding the presidential election to Republican Donald Trump a week ago.

She appeared at the Children's Defense Fund's Beat the Odds program, which honored five young people who overcame tragedy to become excellent students and are on their way to outstanding professional careers.

Clinton admitted that coming to the event "wasn't the easiest thing for me." But she said the five young men and women the fund was saluting never gave up after facing violence, poverty and abandonment.

美参院舒默领导民主党，麦康奈尔领导共和党

美国参议院新一届领袖的人选尘埃落定。新一届国会将在明年1月开始。新领导层反映出上周美国选举中形成的权力平衡。

来自纽约州的老资格民主党参议员舒默星期三被一致推举为少数党领袖。他将接替即将退休的来自内华达州的哈里·里德参议员。

民主党其他高级职位包括：少数党党鞭由来自伊利诺伊州的国会参议员迪克·德宾担任；来自华盛顿州的国会参议员帕蒂·默里被选为少数党领袖助理。

共和党是参议院的多数党。肯塔基州的麦康奈尔被推选连任共和党领袖。

国会领导人的职务将在1月20日美国第45届总统就职典礼举行前开始生效。

Schumer to Lead Democrats; McConnell to Lead Senate Republicans

U.S. Senate leadership positions are being filled for the new session that will start in early January, reflecting the balance of power determined in elections held across the country last week.

Veteran New York Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer was unanimously elected minority leader Wednesday. He will succeed retiring Nevada Senator Harry Reid in the leadership post.

Other top Democratic party positions will be held by Illinois Senator Dick Durbin, who will be the minority whip. Washington State Senator Patty Murray was elected assistant leader.

Republicans, who hold the majority in the Senate, elected Kentucky's Mitch McConnell to continue in his leadership position.

The congressional leadership positions take effect prior to the January 20 inauguration of Republican Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States.