缅甸释放包括政治犯在内的102名囚犯

军方支持的缅甸政府释放了102名囚犯，其中包括多名政治犯。缅甸政府是在即将把权力移交给民主派反对党之际采取这一举措的。

缅甸总统发言人说，这批囚犯星期五在仰光附近的永盛监狱获释。缅甸官员说，在这批囚犯中，至少20人是良心犯，其余是普通犯人。

获释者中包括32岁的新西兰公民菲利普·布莱克伍德，他去年因为在宣传材料上使用佛的图像被认定亵渎佛教，判处两年半监禁。

近年来，在改革派总统吴登盛任期内，缅甸政府先后释放了1300多名政治犯，同时又将另外一些活动人士和异议人士送入监狱。

政治犯援助协会说，缅甸目前还监禁着至少537名政治犯。

Myanmar Frees 102 Prisoners, Including Prisoners of Conscience

Myanmar's military-backed government has released 102 prisoners, including many jailed on political charges, in a move that comes just before it is set to hand over power to a pro-democracy opposition party.

The prisoners were freed Friday from Insein prison near Yangon, according to a presidential spokesman. At least 20 of the freed detainees were prisoners of conscience while others were common criminals, officials said.

Among those freed was 32-year-old New Zealand citizen Philip Blackwood, who was sentenced last year to two and a half years in prison for using an image of Buddha in a flyer that a judge said insulted Buddhism.

Under the leadership of reformist President Thein Sein, Myanmar's government has released more than 1,300 political prisoners in recent years, even while continuing to throw activists and dissidents behind bars.

At least 537 people remain jailed on political charges, according to the Assistant Association for Political Prisoners.

朝鲜以“反政府罪名”拘留一名美国学生

朝鲜说，他们拘留了一名美国学生，因为他涉嫌从事针对朝鲜的敌对活动，但是没有具体说明是什么活动。

朝中社的报道说，这名学生是来自维吉尼亚大学的奥托·弗里德里克·沃姆比尔，他以旅游者身份进入朝鲜，意图破坏朝鲜的团结。

朝中社没有具体说明这名学生被控的罪行，但表示他的行动得到了“美国政府的纵容和操纵”，报道没有进一步说明，但声称目前正在进行调查。

沃姆比尔的领英（LinkedIn）网页显示，他是维吉尼亚大学的本科生，专业是经济学和全球持续性发展。

路透社说，沃姆比尔是在参加 “青年志愿者之旅”的活动去朝鲜旅游期间，于1月2日被拘留的。旅游公司说，他们正在尽全力争取沃姆比尔获释。

路透社还援引美国驻首尔大使馆一名官员的话说，华盛顿了解有关沃姆比尔被捕的消息。

NKorea Detains US Student for 'Anti-State Crimes'

North Korea says it has detained a U.S. student on suspicion of carrying out an unspecified "hostile act against the state."

The Korean Central News Agency says the student, identified as Otto Frederick Warmbier from the University of Virginia, entered North Korea as a tourist with the aim "to destroy the country's unity."

KCNA did not lay out the student's alleged crimes, but said his acts were "tolerated and manipulated by the U.S. government." It did not elaborate, but said an investigation was under way.

According to his LinkedIn page, Warmbier is an undergraduate student at the University of Virginia where he is studying economics and global sustainability.

He was arrested on January 2 while on a tour of North Korea arranged by Young Pioneer Tours, according to the Reuters news agency. The tour company said it was doing "all we can" to secure Warmbier's release.

Reuters also quoted an official at the U.S. embassy in Seoul as saying Washington was aware of the reports of the arrest.