克里：打击伊斯兰国组织方向正确

美国国务卿克里星期二表示，打击伊斯兰国组织的国际努力“正在朝正确的方向发展”，不过他谨慎表示，维持利比亚和伊拉克的稳定，仍需做出更多的努力。

克里在罗马部长级会议上发表了上述讲话。约20个国家派代表参加这次会议，商讨强化打击伊斯兰国组织的途径。

克里强调了极端分子控制利比亚庞大石油资源的风险，不过克里说，接近达成的一项有关新国民团结政府的协议对预防这种情况的发生意义深远。

克里还呼吁关注叙利亚的人道主义状况，称之为二战以来从未见过的“灾难”。克里说，各国需要就停火、结束围困以及向困境中的民众提供紧急援助，发出强有力的声音。

Kerry: Anti-Islamic State Effort Moving in Right Direction

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday the international effort to defeat the Islamic State group is "moving in the right direction," but he cautioned more must be done to support stabilization in Libya and Iraq.

Kerry spoke at the opening of a ministerial meeting in Rome where representatives from about 20 countries came to talk about ways to boost the anti-Islamic State campaign.

He highlighted the risk of the militants taking control in Libya with its vast oil resources, but said that a near agreement on a new national unity government would go a long way to preventing that scenario.

Kerry also called attention to the humanitarian situation in Syria, saying it is a "catastrophe" not seen since World War 2. He said nations need to "speak out powerfully" about the need for a cease-fire, the end of sieges and urgent deliveries of aid to every area where people are in need.

叙利亚问题谈判步履艰难进入第二天

旨在结束叙利亚近五年冲突的间接谈判步履艰难。日内瓦的谈判星期二进入第二天，双方相互指责缺少诚意。

联合国叙利亚问题特使德米斯图拉星期二与叙利亚总统阿萨德的代表团举行会谈。德米斯图拉为了说服反对派继续参加谈判把与叙利亚政府的会谈从星期一推迟到星期二。

德米斯图拉同反对派举行两小时会晤后星期一傍晚宣布，谈判正式展开。他说： “就我们而言，他们前来万国宫与我们进行初步讨论，就代表日内瓦谈判的正式启动。”

正式谈判的启动比原计划晚了一星期。

由于讨论反对派代表的人选问题，谈判开始的时间被推迟，之后又因反对派的抵制再次被推迟，反对派还提出，要以结束空袭和解除对反政府力量控制区的封锁为先决条件。

Fragile Syria Talks Go Into Second Day

Fragile indirect negotiations to end Syria’s nearly five-year-old conflict went into a second day Tuesday in Geneva with both sides accusing each other of lacking good will.

U.N. Special Envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, went into talks Tuesday with a delegation representing the government of President Bashar al-Assad, a meeting that he had postponed from Monday while he convinced the opposition to stay on.

De Mistura declared the talks officially under way late Monday, following a two-hour meeting with the opposition.

“As far as we are concerned, their arrival to the Palais des Nations and initiating the discussion with us is the official beginning of the Geneva talks,” the U.N. envoy said.

The formal start came exactly one week after they were originally scheduled to begin.

Talks were delayed by discussions of who should represent the opposition, then by an opposition boycott and the opposition’s demands for an end to air strikes and a lifting of blockades on rebel-held areas.