伊拉克会同美俄缓解伊沙紧张局势

伊拉克外长星期三提出愿意在其邻国伊朗和沙特之间充当调停员的角色。

沙特上星期处决一名著名的什叶派穆斯林教士后，愤怒的示威者冲击了德黑兰的沙特使馆，沙特因此决定和伊朗断绝外交关系，这一系列事态发展加剧了两国间的紧张关系。

伊拉克外长贾法里在与伊朗外长扎里夫举行的联合新闻发布会上表示，伊拉克在该地区所处的位置使它可以为缓解紧张局势助一臂之力。

俄罗斯也提出愿意充当调停员。美国国务卿克里一直在与伊朗外长扎里夫以及沙特外交大臣朱拜尔进行沟通。

美国国务院发言人柯比星期二表示，克里与伊朗及沙特领导人进行了多次电话交谈，力图“在某种程度上恢复平静”，他敦促双方进行对话，并牢记该地区还有其它紧迫问题需要应对，包括叙利亚和也门的局势等。

Iraq Joins U.S., Russia in Working to Lower Iran-Saudi Tensions

Iraq's foreign minister offered Wednesday to act as a mediator between its neighbors Iran and Saudi Arabia.

Those relations became further strained in the past week with the Saudi execution of a prominent Shi'ite cleric, angry protesters storming the Saudi embassy in Tehran and Saudi Arabia's subsequent decision to cut off diplomatic ties with Iran.

Iraqi Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari said during a joint news conference with his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif that Iraq's placement in the region brings a role in alleviating the tensions.

Russia has also offered to act as a mediator, and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has been speaking with both Zarif and Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir.

U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby said Tuesday that Kerry talked by phone with multiple Iranian and Saudi leaders to try to "restore some sense of calm," urge them to use dialogue and keep in mind there are other pressing issues in the region, including the situations in Syria and Yemen.

朝鲜称成功进行氢弹试验

朝鲜星期三宣布，“成功”进行了一次氢弹试验。朝鲜此举招致世界诸强国的强烈指责。

朝鲜国家电视台说，进行氢弹试验属于自卫，是为了维护国家主权，并多次对美国提出批评。不到一个月前，朝鲜领导人金正恩声称，朝鲜研制了一枚氢弹，而美国和其他国家立即表示对此持怀疑态度。

氢弹又称热核弹，氢弹的威力远远超过原子弹。

朝鲜于2006年、2009年和2013年先后进行了三次核试验。这三次核试验都是在丰溪里核试验场进行的。星期三上午，几个监督机构都在该地区监测到了人为地震活动。

美国国家安全委员会发言人普莱斯说，白宫不能对朝鲜的氢弹试验予以证实，但美国一贯明确表示，反对朝鲜拥有核武器。

美国、英国和法国都对任何违反联合国安理会决议的行为予以谴责。星期三晚些时候，安理会将召开一次紧急会议，讨论最新的事态发展。

中国作为朝鲜的盟友和安理会常任理事国，表示“坚决反对”朝鲜进行氢弹试验，并敦促平壤停止使朝鲜半岛局势恶化的行动。

朝鲜宣布进行氢弹试验后，韩国和日本都召集了紧急国家安全会议。

North Korea Claims 'Successful' Hydrogen Bomb Test

North Korea said Wednesday it conducted a "successful" hydrogen bomb test in a move that brought strong criticism from world powers.

The announcement on state television called the test a matter of self-defense to protect the country's sovereignty and made several critical references of the United States. It came less than a month after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un claimed his country had developed a hydrogen bomb. The United States and others quickly discounted that claim.

A hydrogen bomb, also known as a thermonuclear bomb, is far more powerful than an atomic bomb.

North Korea conducted three previous nuclear tests in 2006, 2009 and 2013. All of them took place at the Punggye-ri site, the same area where several monitoring agencies detected man-made earthquake activity on Wednesday morning.

U.S. National Security Council spokesman Ned Price said the White House could not confirm the test, but that the U.S. has consistently made clear it will not accept a nuclear North Korea.

The U.S., Britain and France all condemned any violations of United Nations Security Council resolutions. The council has sanctioned North Korea and urged the government to abandon its nuclear program multiple times, and is due to hold an emergency meeting on the latest developments later Wednesday.

China, a North Korean ally and permanent Security Council member, said it "firmly opposes" the test and called on North Korea to stop actions that "worsen the situation on the Korean peninsula."

The test prompted emergency national security meetings in South Korea and Japan.