美国袭击也门目标 报复导弹袭击

美国军方星期四表示，美军袭击了也门境内的三个雷达设施，报复最近几天胡塞控制区向美国军舰发射导弹的行动。

五角大楼发言人库克说，这次自卫行动是为了保护美军人员与军舰。

他表示，美国将对任何针对美国船只以及商业航行的威胁做出适当反应，继续维护美国在红海，曼德海峡，以及世界其他地区的航行自由。

有关官员星期三表示，美国海军驱逐舰梅森号在红海受到一枚导弹的攻击，当时跟梅森号在一起的还有美军两栖登陆舰圣安东尼奥号。一位要求不透露姓名的美国官员对美国之音说，导弹没能击中这两艘舰只。

美国官员说 ，这是四天之内胡塞控制区第二次向美国军舰发射导弹。不过，也门胡塞反政府武装否认他们与美国海军驱逐舰梅森号第一次遭受的袭击有任何牵连。

US Strikes Yemen Sites in Retaliation for Missile Launches

The U.S. military said Thursday it struck three radar sites in Yemen in response to missile launches from territory controlled by Houthi rebels that targeted a U.S. Navy destroyer.

Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook described the strikes as "self-defense" in order to protect U.S. personnel and ships.

"The United States will respond to any further threat to our ships and commercial traffic, as appropriate, and will continue to maintain our freedom of navigation in the Red Sea, the Bab al-Mandeb, and elsewhere around the world," he said.

Officials said Wednesday a missile fired in the Red Sea targeted the destroyer USS Mason, which was accompanied by the amphibious docking vessel USS San Antonio at the time. The rocket failed to reach the ships, a U.S. official who asked not to be identified told VOA.

The missile launch, the second in the past four days, was from a Houthi-controlled area, officials said. The Houthi movement in Yemen denied any involvement in the first attack on the USS Mason, a few days ago.

联合国即将任命新秘书长

联合国预计星期四任命葡萄牙前总理古铁雷斯为下一任秘书长。

联合国大会主席彼得∙汤姆森在声明中说，他希望联合国193个成员国能一致通过古铁雷斯的任命。古铁雷斯是上星期由联合国安理会推荐的人选。

如果任命通过，古铁雷斯2016年年底将接替自2006年以来担任联合国秘书长的潘基文。

古铁雷斯今年67岁，1992年到2002年曾任葡萄牙总理，2005年到2015年还担任过联合国难民事务高级专员。

联合国成员国普遍对古铁雷斯的提名表示赞扬，俄罗斯驻联合国大使丘尔金称古铁雷斯是“很好的选择”。潘基文也说古铁雷斯是联合国秘书长的“绝佳人选”。

古铁雷斯是争取联合国秘书长一职的13位候选人之一。

UN Set to Appoint New Secretary-General

The United Nations is expected to appoint former Portugal Prime Minister Antonio Guterres as Secretary-General Thursday.

U.N. General Assembly President Peter Thompson said in a statement he hopes the 193-member body will unanimously approve Guterres’s nomination after the Security Council recommended the former prime minister last week.

Should Guterres be confirmed, he will replace current Secretary-General Ban ki-Moon of South Korea at the end of 2016. Ban has held the post since being appointed in 2006.

Guterres, 67, was Portugal's prime minister from 1992 to 2002. He led the U.N. refugee agency from 2005 to 2015.

Members of the United Nations widely praised the nomination of Guterres, with Russia’s U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin calling him “a great choice.” Ban also called Guterres a “superb choice” for secretary-general.

Guterres was one of 13 candidates who were in the running for the U.N.’s top job.