叙利亚和谈的举行存疑

联合国希望下星期一召集新一轮叙利亚和谈，不过，距会期还剩几天的情况下，各方在什么人应该参加和谈的问题上仍没有达成共识，因此这轮和谈能否如期举行出现疑问。

联合国叙利亚问题特使德米斯图拉上个月宣布，希望1月25日在日内瓦启动这轮和谈。

他得到了包括美国和俄罗斯等17个国家的支持，不过，这些国家还没有决定在叙利亚作战的众多反政府组织中，应该邀请哪些组织派代表参加谈判。

联合国副发言人哈克星期一说，在做出决定之前不会发出邀请。他说，联合国的目标仍然是1月25日召集会议。联合国秘书长潘基文正在敦促世界大国“加倍努力”，达成共识。

Start of Syria Peace Talks in Doubt

The United Nations wants to convene a new round of Syrian peace talks on Monday, but with only days remaining and no agreement on who should participate there are doubts about whether the negotiations will begin as scheduled.

Staffan de Mistura, the U.N.'s envoy for Syria announced last month that he wanted to begin the talks on January 25 in Geneva.

He has the support of a group of 17 nations, including the United States and Russia, but those nations have yet to decide which of the many opposition groups fighting in Syria will have representatives at the negotiating table.

U.N. deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said Monday that invitations will not be sent until those decisions are made. He said the U.N. is still focused on January 25 for a start date and that Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is urging world powers to "redouble efforts" to reach an agreement.

自杀炸弹杀手在巴基斯坦西北部炸死 12人

巴基斯坦西北部地区官员说，星期二发生一起疑似自杀爆炸事件，造成至少12人死亡，多人受伤。据称大多数受害者是安全部队军人。

目击者说，自杀炸弹杀手驾驶摩托车冲撞了一个位于局势动荡的开伯尔半自治部落区和白沙瓦城之间的安全检查站。

救援人员和地方官员说，一名部落区高级警官和当地一名记者死于袭击。

猛烈的爆炸导致停在安全检查站附近的几辆汽车和摩托车受损。

目前还没有人宣称对此次事件负责。

开伯尔是巴基斯坦和内陆国阿富汗之间的两条贸易和交通要道之一。

巴基斯坦部落地区一直是涉嫌在边界两侧制作恐怖袭击事件的巴基斯坦和外国激进分子盘踞的地区。

Suicide Bomber Kills 12 in NW Pakistan

Officials in northwestern Pakistan say a suspected suicide blast Tuesday killed at least 12 people and wounded many more. A majority of the victims are said to be security forces.

Witnesses say the bomber riding a motorbike struck a security checkpoint separating the semi-autonomous and volatile Khyber tribal district from the city of Peshawar.

Rescue workers and local officials say a senior officer of the tribal police force and a local journalist are among the dead.

The massive blast caused damage to several vehicles and motorbikes parked near the security post.

There are no immediate claims of responsibility.

Khyber serves as one of the two main routes for trade and transit between Pakistan and landlocked Afghanistan.

The Pakistani tribal area has been a hub of local and foreign militants involved in terrorist attacks on both sides of the border.