俄罗斯: 俄军方开始从叙利亚撤军

俄罗斯依照普京总统的命令，星期二开始从叙利亚撤军。

俄罗斯国防部发表声明说，在叙利亚拉塔基亚省梅米姆空军基地，技师们正为战机返回俄罗斯做准备。俄罗斯国家电视台也展示了将设备装上飞机的画面。

普京说，叙利亚境内的俄罗斯军队在基本完成使命后，将开始撤离。

安哥拉常驻联合国代表、安理会轮值主席马丁斯说，俄罗斯的这一举措以及星期一开始的日内瓦和谈意味着安理会正朝着取得更积极成果的方向迈进。

在大马士革，叙利亚总统办公室说，阿萨德总统同意俄罗斯的决定，但表示俄罗斯曾承诺去年9月底抵达叙利亚的俄罗斯空军部队不会全部撤离。

白宫说，奥巴马总统星期一给普京打电话，讨论俄罗斯有关撤军的决定以及如何推进叙利亚的政治谈判。

Russia Says Military Beginning Syria Withdrawal

Russia on Tuesday began the process of drawing down its forces in Syria following an order by President Vladimir Putin.

The Russian defense ministry issued a statement saying technicians were preparing aircraft at the Hmeymim airbase in Latakia province for flights back to Russia. State television also showed images of equipment being loaded onto planes.

Putin said Monday the "bulk" of his military contingent in Syria would leave now that they have largely fulfilled their tasks there.

Angola's U.N. Ambassador Ismael Gaspar Martins, who holds the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council, said Russia's move and the launch of peace talks in Geneva on Monday means there is a mood in the council toward "a more positive outcome."

In Damascus, the office of Syria's presidency said Assad agreed to Russia's decision, but added that Russia had promised its air force contingent that arrived in late September will not leave the country altogether.

The White House said U.S. President Barack Obama called Putin Monday to discuss Russia's announcement of a withdrawal, and to talk about how to advance the political negotiations for Syria.

缅甸选出新总统

缅甸议会通过表决，推选吴廷觉为下届总统。

退休官员吴廷觉是缅甸全国民主联盟成员。他在议会联席会议表决中，赢得了652票中的360票。

吴廷觉不是议员，但他是全民联领袖昂山素季的密友。

昂山素季在缅甸深孚众望，但因为她的两个儿子都是外国公民，所以不能担任总统。

然而，昂山素季曾宣称将凌驾于自己挑选的总统之上，掌握绝对权力。缅甸军方自动拥有四分之一议席，并控制着几个关键的部，因此仍具有强大的势力。

在3位总统候选人当中，军方候选人敏瑞将军得票居第2位，将出任第1副总统。

Myanmar Elects New President

Myanmar’s parliament has voted to elect Htin Kyaw as the country’s next president.

The retired bureaucrat from the National League for Democracy (NLD) won 360 out of the 652 votes cast in a joint meeting of the legislature.

Htin Kyaw is not a member of parliament, but he is a close confidant of NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi.

The Nobel Laureate is the obvious favorite of most Myanmar citizens, but she is barred from becoming president because both of her sons have foreign citizenship.

However, Aung San Suu Kyi has declared she will retain ultimate power over her handpicked president. The military will remain powerful in the new government because it automatically holds one-quarter of the parliamentary seats and will control several key ministries.

The army’s candidate for president, General Myint Swe, placed second in the three man race and will become the first vice president.