埃尔多安称土耳其击毙三千伊斯兰国激进分子

土耳其总统埃尔多安表示，土耳其军队在叙利亚和伊拉克打死了3000名伊斯兰国组织的激进分子。他坚称没有任何国家能够与土耳其打击极端分子的努力相提并论。

埃尔多安星期三在对巴尔干国家军事指挥官的一次演讲中对那些指责土耳其支持伊斯兰国组织的人提出谴责。他说：“有些人一直卑鄙地把土耳其说成是帮助伊斯兰国组织的国家。”

作为北约成员，土耳其很不情愿地加入了美国领导的打击伊斯兰国的同盟，它被指责没有采取足够行动阻止伊斯兰国组织的武装人员透过其边界进入欧洲。但是，土耳其说，它需要西方同盟国提供更多支持，特别是在叙利亚边界附近，那里一直是火箭弹袭击的目标。

Erdogan: Turkey Has Killed 3,000 IS Fighters

Turkish forces have killed 3,000 Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says, insisting no other country has matched its efforts against the extremists.

In an address Wednesday to Balkan nations' military chiefs, Erdogan denounced those who accused Turkey of supporting the Islamic State group. "There have been those who have ... been vile by showing Turkey as a country that helps Daesh," he said, using another name for the extremist group.

NATO member Turkey reluctantly joined the U.S.-led, anti-IS coalition and has faced criticism that it's not doing enough to protect its borders from fighters moving into Europe. But Turkey says it needs more help from Western allies, particularly near the Syrian border where Turkish territory has been targeted by rocket fire.

获救巴基斯坦前领导人之子从喀布尔返家

此前被一伙与基地组织有关联的绑架者绑架的巴基斯坦前总理之子周三从阿富汗返回家中。他在前一天的一次军事行动中获救。

巴基斯坦派一架专机将阿里·海德尔·吉拉尼从喀布尔送回巴基斯坦。飞机降落在巴基斯坦东部城市拉合尔，吉拉尼在严密的安保之中与家人团聚。

被关押三年的吉拉尼返回家中时，数以百计的支持者和亲属在他的住处欢迎他归来，并且向他乘坐的汽车抛洒玫瑰花瓣。

巴基斯坦电视台现场直播了吉拉尼从机场被护送返回家中的全过程。

吉拉尼三年前在家乡木尔坦参加一次竞选活动期间被持枪绑架，之后被越境带往阿富汗。

美国与阿富汗周二黎明前展开联合反恐突击行动，将吉拉尼从基地组织位于帕克提卡省的一处据点中营救出来。帕克提卡省毗邻巴基斯坦。

美国和阿富汗官员说，吉拉尼随后被转移到美国控制的巴格拉姆军事基地过夜，并接受了医疗检查。

Rescued Son of Ex-Pakistani Leader Returns Home From Kabul

The son of a former prime minister of Pakistan returned from Afghanistan Wednesday a day after he was rescued from al-Qaida-linked kidnappers in a military operation.

A special Pakistani aircraft brought Ali Haider Gilani back from Kabul and landed at the airport in the eastern city of Lahore where family members received him amid tight security.

Hundreds of supporters and relatives welcomed him at his family residence as he returned home after three years in captivity and showered rose petals on his car.

Pakistani televisions broadcast the images live during the journey of his convoy from the airport.

Gilani was abducted at gunpoint during an election rally in his southern home town of Multann three years ago before he was taken across the porous Afghan border.

A joint U.S.-Afghan counterterrorism commando operation recovered Gilani from an al-Qaida compound in the Paktika province bordering Pakistan in a pre-dawn raid on Tuesday.

He was then transferred to the U.S.-controlled Bagram military base where he spent the night and underwent medical check-ups, according to U.S. and Afghan officials.