委内瑞拉人涌入哥伦比亚购买食物和药品

成千上万委内瑞拉人星期天通过边界涌入哥伦比亚，购买生活必需品。他们无法在国内买到这些必需品，原因是委内瑞拉发生严重经济危机，市场供应短缺。

有些人开车几小时，就是为了赶上委内瑞拉的塔奇拉和哥伦比亚的库库塔之间边界开放12个小时。

委内瑞拉总统马杜罗去年以安全为理由关闭了与哥伦比亚之间的边界，但是下令这个星期天临时开放。

委内瑞拉人在哥伦比亚囤积在委内瑞拉几乎已经买不到或者因为通货膨胀达到三位数而买不起的商品，比如面粉、油、卫生纸、洗发液和各类药物。

上个星期，数以百计的委内瑞拉人非法进入哥伦比亚，寻找基本生活用品。

委内瑞拉市场供应短缺主要被归咎于委内瑞拉石油收入下跌。这个国家几乎所有消费品都依靠进口。

Venezuelans Stream Into Colombia to Buy Food, Medicine

Thousands of Venezuelans streamed across the border into Colombia Sunday to purchase essential goods that have become impossible to find or purchase in their home country because of a severe economic crisis that has caused critical shortages.

Many drove hours to take advantage of the 12-hour opening of the border between Tachira, Venezuela and Cucuta, Colombia.

Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro closed the border last year for security reasons, but ordered Sunday's temporary lapse.

Venezuelans were able to stock up on items in Colombia that have become almost impossible to find or afford in Venezuela, like flour, oil, toilet paper, shampoo and medicines amid triple-digit inflation.

Last week, hundreds of Venezuelans illegally crossed into Colombia in search of basic goods.

The shortages are mainly blamed on the drop in oil revenues in Venezuela, a country that imports almost everything it consumes.

朝鲜中断跟美国的外交联系

朝鲜表示，要终止跟美国仅存的联络方式，作为对美国因践踏人权而制裁朝鲜领导人金正恩的报复。

平壤星期一说，他们已知会美方，朝鲜正式中断通过驻联合国办公室跟美国的任何联系。

美国上星期对金正恩和另外一些朝鲜官员实施个人制裁。此前，朝鲜因其核武器项目已经受到了制裁。

星期一早些时候，朝鲜威胁要采取行动，因为美国和韩国此前宣布要在韩国部署先进的导弹防御系统。

朝鲜做出这一威胁的几天前，美国和韩国宣布，针对平壤进行的一系列弹道导弹试射和核试验，计划在朝鲜半岛部署反导弹“萨德”系统，部署的具体地点和时间尚未宣布。

North Korea Cuts Diplomatic Communication With US

North Korea says it is closing one of the last lines of communication with the United States in retaliation for Washington placing sanctions on leader Kim Jong Un for human rights abuses.

Pyongyang said Monday it has told the U.S. the North is effectively ending all diplomatic communications with Washington that have been conducted through the U.N. offices in New York.

Last week, the U.S. placed personal sanctions on Kim and several other North Korean officials, in addition to sanctions already in place on the country for Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program.

Earlier Monday, North Korea threatened to take "physical action" after the U.S. and Seoul announced plans for deployment of a sophisticated missile defense system in South Korea.

Pyongyang made the threat several days after Washington and Seoul revealed plans to use the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system - THAAD - on the Korean peninsula following a series of ballistic missile and nuclear tests by Pyongyang. The location and timing of the deployment have not been announced.