意大利中部发生地震 至少37人丧生

星期三凌晨，意大利中部发生强烈地震，給震中附近地区造成严重损失，至少37人丧生。

美国地质勘探局测定，这次地震的震级为里氏6.2级，震中位于诺尔恰镇东南大约10公里处。附近大片地区都有震感，包括150公里之外的首都罗马。

地震发生在凌晨三点半刚过之后，紧接着又出现几次余震。受灾最严重的地区包括阿马特里切市和阿库莫利市。阿马特里切市长皮洛季对意大利国营国家广播电台说，该市一大部分地区被毁坏。

救援人员拂晓开始搜寻被埋在倒坍建筑物瓦砾中的人。

Earthquake Hits Central Italy, at Least 37 Dead

A strong earthquake shook central Italy early Wednesday causing extensive damage to areas near the epicenter and killing at least 37 people.

The U.S. Geological Survey put the magnitude at 6.2 with an epicenter about 10 kilometers southeast of the town of Norcia. The shaking was felt across a large part of the region, including the capital, Rome, 150 kilometers away.

The quake struck just after 3:30 a.m. and was followed by multiple aftershocks. The hardest-hit areas included the towns of Amatrice and Accumoli. Amatrice Mayor Sergio Pirozzi told state-run broadcaster RAI a large portion of the town was destroyed.

Rescuers worked after daybreak to try to reach those trapped in the rubble of collapsed buildings.

土耳其向土叙边界伊斯兰国和库尔德目标发动进攻

土耳其总统埃尔多安表示，土耳其星期三在叙利亚北部针对伊斯兰国和叙利亚库尔德人发动进攻，争取消除边界的恐怖威胁。

土耳其认为美国支持的叙利亚库尔德人与土耳其东南部的库尔德人结盟。这些人几十年来一直进行叛乱。土耳其星期三的军事行动包括炮击和空袭，发动空袭的土耳其战机得到以美国为首联军战机的支援。联军打击伊斯兰国组织的行动已经大约两年。土耳其还派遣许多坦克在边界的叙利亚一侧参加战斗，试图将激进分子赶出边界城镇贾拉布鲁斯。

叙利亚外交部对土耳其的行动提出谴责，称其侵犯了叙利亚主权。

一天前，土耳其外长恰武什奥卢说，土耳其将为打击该镇周围地区的伊斯兰国组织的目标提供一切支援。星期一，在附近的加济安泰普市发生自杀炸弹袭击之后，土耳其政府表示一定要肃清那里的伊斯兰国组织。

Turkey Targets Islamic State, Kurds Along Syrian Border

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said a military operation launched Wednesday in northern Syria targeted Islamic State fighters and Syrian Kurds in an effort to put an end to terror threats at the border.

Turkey considers the U.S.-backed Kurds in Syria aligned with Kurds in southeastern Turkey who have waged a decades-long insurgency against the government. Wednesday's operation included artillery fire and Turkish jets conducting airstrikes backed by other warplanes from the U.S.-led coalition that has been targeting Islamic State for about two years. A number of Turkish tanks were also seen taking part in the fighting on the Syrian side of the border as they tried to push the militants out of the town of Jarablus.

Syria's Foreign Ministry condemned Turkey's actions as a violation of its sovereignty.

The operation comes a day after Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Turkey would give "every kind" of support to fighting Islamic State in the area around Jarablus. On Monday, the government vowed to "cleanse" Islamic State following a suicide bombing in nearby Gaziantep.