川普宣布更多引起争议的内阁成员

现在距离当选总统唐纳德∙川普上任还有不到六个星期，他正在加紧任命内阁成员。这个星期川普及其过渡团队宣布了负责国防，环保，国家安全，城市住房与发展事务，以及美国驻华大使的提名人选。其中一些提名再度引发争议。

奥克拉荷马州司法部长斯哥特∙普鲁特（Scott Pruitt）被提名为环保署署长；普鲁特支持矿物燃料产业，有人批评他无视科学证据，对人类行为促成全球气候变暖持怀疑态度。 普鲁特还向奥巴马总统的气候变化政策提起过法律诉讼。

很多人认为提名普鲁特担任环保署署长和提名神经科医生本∙卡森担任住房与城市发展部部长一样具有争议性，但是川普显然不同意这个看法。他说：“我相信我们正在组建的内阁会是美国历史上最棒的内阁之一。”

退役海军陆战队上将翰∙凯利将成为新的国土安全部部长。他将负责打击恐怖主义、执行川普所主张的打击非法移民的政策。

川普星期三会晤了职业摔跤娱乐公司老板琳达∙麦马汉， 可能让她担任小企业管理局局长。

川普星期四将会晤爱奥华州长特里.布兰斯塔德，提名他为美国驻华大使。这位共和党州长与中国有很深的渊源，和中国国家主席习近平相识已久。布兰斯塔德比川普任命的其他人选得到了更为广泛的支持。

川普的权力交接团队说，下星期还会任命一批内阁成员。川普表示，他已经缩小了国务卿这个至关重要的内阁人选的范围，曾严厉批评川普的前马萨诸塞州州长罗姆尼仍在候选名单上。

Trump Announces More Controversial Picks for His Cabinet

With a little more than six weeks until his inauguration, U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has accelerated his cabinet selection process. This week, Trump or his transition officials announced his choices to head defense, environment, homeland security and housing, as well as the U.S. ambassador to China. Some of his latest picks have sparked renewed controversy as did his earlier ones.

Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma state attorney general, known as a supporter of the fossil fuel industry, is expected to lead the Environmental Protection Agency. Pruitt has been criticized for expressing skepticism about global warming, despite scientific evidence that human activity is contributing to climate change. He has led a legal battle against President Barack Obama’s climate change policies.

Many consider his selection as controversial as the selection of neurosurgeon Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development. But Trump thinks differently, "I believe we are in the process of putting together one of the all-time great cabinets that has ever been assembled in our nation's history."

Retired Marine General John Kelly, a veteran of the Iraq War, is to become new Homeland Security chief. He will be in charge of combating terrorism and implementing Trump's promised crackdown on illegal immigration.

Later Wednesday the president-elect held talks with wrestling executive Linda McMahon, who is expected to be offered the leadership of the Small Business Administration.

Trump is meeting Iowa Governor Terry Branstad on Thursday to offer him the post of next U.S. ambassador to China. The long-serving Republican governor has extensive ties to China and friendship with its president, Xi Jinping. His selection has wider approval than some of Trump's other picks.

The transition team says more cabinet members will be selected next week. Trump has said he has narrowed down the list of candidates for the most important cabinet post - secretary of state - and that a former critic, one-time Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, remains on it.

救援人员搜寻印尼地震幸存者

印尼亚齐省星期三发生地震后，救援人员星期四继续寻找可能的生还者，当地官员呼吁为伤者和无家可归者提供医药和其他救助。

这次6.5级地震造成大约一百人死亡，六百多人受伤。地震星期三早晨发生在苏门答腊岛的北部。

数以千计的人在清真寺或其他临时庇护所过夜，还有人睡在户外。印尼政府宣布亚齐省进入两个星期的紧急状态。

印尼红十字会向地震受灾者发放毯子，个人卫生用品和防水布，并呼吁捐血，帮助伤者。

志愿者抵达灾区，协助将伤员送往医院，医院如今已经人满为患。

印尼气候，气象和地球物理局说，这次地震没有引发海啸。印尼地处地震多发地带，2004年苏门答腊岛由于地震引发海啸，导致印尼和周边其他国家23万人丧生。

Rescuers Search for Indonesia Earthquake Survivors

Rescue workers in Indonesia searched Thursday for people who might still be trapped a day after an earthquake struck Aceh province, while local officials appealed for medical supplies and other aid to help those left injured or without a home.

The magnitude 6.5 earthquake has killed about 100 people and injured more than 600 others. It hit the northern end of Sumatra island early Wednesday.

Thousands of people spent the night in mosques and other temporary shelters, while others slept outside. The government has declared a two-week state of emergency in Aceh.

The Indonesian Red Cross distributed blanket, hygiene kits and tarps to those affected by the earthquake and called for people to donate blood to help the injured.

Volunteers also made their way to earthquake-hit areas to rush people to hospitals, which are now overloaded with patients.

Indonesia's Climate, Meteorology and Geophysics Agency said the quake did not generate a tsunami.

Indonesia is located in an area of the world prone to earthquakes. A 2004 quake off Sumatra island triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 in Indonesia and other countries.