乌干达投票出现延误

乌干达总统和议会选举投票星期四正式开始，但由于运送选票延误，一些投票站推迟开门，选民们大排长龙。

美国之音记者克雷格从乌干达首都坎帕拉发来报道说，很多投票站在投票规定的开始时间两小时后还没有开门。据克雷格报道，坎帕拉的一些投票站外面排着长队，选民们早上7点以前就赶到投票站，在炎热的天气下等候，感到非常不满。

乌干达选举委员会发言人布肯亚对美国之音说，选举材料已全部发放完毕。

执政长达30年的乌干达总统穆塞韦尼面临着其他7名候选人的挑战，其中最著名的是反对派领袖贝西耶，他在以往的总统选举中曾三次败给穆塞韦尼。

Uganda Polling Marred By Delays

Voting has officially begun in Uganda's presidential and parliamentary elections, but voters are facing long lines and delayed openings at some polling stations Thursday because of late ballot deliveries.

VOA's Jill Craig reports from Kampala that many polling stations were still closed two hours after voting was scheduled to start. She said there were long lines outside some Kampala polling stations, and people who had gotten there before 7 a.m. were restless and frustrated as they waited in the heat.

Paul Bukenya, spokesman for the Electoral Commission, told VOA that all election materials have now been distributed.

President Yoweri Museveni, in power for the past 30 years, faces a challenge from seven opponents, most prominently opposition leader Kizza Besigye, who has lost to him three times in the past.

白宫：奥巴马将于下月访问古巴

白宫官员说，奥巴马总统定于下月访问古巴，这将是增进这两个冷战对手间关系的具有象征意义的重要步骤。

美国政府一名高层官员说，奥巴马政府将于星期四正式宣布这次访问。他表示，此行将是奥巴马总统出访拉丁美洲的组成部分。

美国有线电视新闻网说，奥巴马计划于3月21日至22日访问古巴，随后前往阿根廷访问。

奥巴马希望在2017年1月离任前最大限度地改善美古关系，出访古巴早在外界预料之中。

奥巴马去年年底曾表示，他愿意在2016年年底前访问古巴，但前提条件是古巴在人权方面做出足够改革，以及他在访问期间可以会见持不同政见者。

古巴官员尚未对有关奥巴马访问的消息发表评论。针对奥巴马去年12月的表态，哈瓦那对奥巴马表示欢迎，但警告他不要干涉古巴内政。

White House: Obama To Visit Cuba Next Month

White House officials say President Barack Obama will visit Cuba next month, a major, symbolic step in the warming of ties between the two Cold War enemies.

The Obama administration will formally announce the trip Thursday, according to a senior administration official, who said the visit will be a part of the president's travels to Latin America.

CNN reported the visit is planned for March 21-22, before the president flies to Argentina.

The trip had long been expected as part of Obama's effort to make as much progress as possible in improving ties with Cuba before he leaves office in January, 2017.

Late last year Obama said he would like to visit Cuba by the end of 2016, but only if the Communist-led country makes enough human rights reforms and he can meet with political dissidents.

Cuban officials have not commented on the reported Obama visit. After the president's comments in December, Havana said they welcome Obama, but warned him against meddling in the country's internal affairs.