联合国: 南苏丹难民营上个月恐怖袭击25人丧生

联合国说，位于南苏丹马拉卡尔的联合国平民避难所上月遇袭事件造成至少25人死亡，约120人受伤。

联合国人道事务协调办公室星期五公布了新的伤亡数字。两周前，收容约4万7000名南苏丹内战难民的联合国避难所于2月17日和18日发生袭击惨案。

联合国人道事务协调办公室说，该难民营遭到袭击后，人道机构迅速动员人力物力，为难民们提供救援。报告说，除了伤亡人员外，还有大约3700个家庭住所被毁坏，诊所、储水罐、营养中心和学校也遭到破坏。

联合国人道事务协调办公室还说，有“可靠报告”说，在两天围困期间，苏丹人民解放军的武装人员曾进入难民营，向平民开枪。

UN: 25 Died in Last Month's Terror Attack on South Sudan Camp

The United Nations now says at least 25 people were killed and some 120 wounded in last month's attack on a U.N. civilian shelter in Malakal, South Sudan.

The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) updated its toll Friday, two weeks after the February 17 and 18 ordeal at the camp where some 47,000 people have taken refuge from South Sudan's ongoing civil war.

OCHA says humanitarian partners have "rapidly mobilized" staff and supplies to tend to the additional needs at the camp since the attack. The report says in addition to the 25 dead and 120 wounded, some 3,700 families' shelters were destroyed or damaged in addition to clinics, water tankers, nutrition centers and schools.

OCHA also said there are "credible reports" of armed men from Sudan's People's Liberation Army entering the camp and firing on civilians during the two-day siege.

罗姆尼称川普很危险，不适合做总统

美国前总统候选人罗姆尼在一次重要讲话中称目前共和党党内竞选的领跑者川普不适合成为美国总统。罗姆尼呼吁共和党选民要考虑在全国各地的党团选举和初选中投票给川普的后果。他说，“如果我们共和党人选择川普作为我们的候选人，将使我们未来的安全和繁荣前景暗淡。”

罗姆尼明确表示他本人并不打算竞选，但呼吁选民们考虑其余四名共和党参选人中的任何一位。他提醒说：“不能让希拉里·克林顿这么不值得信任、不诚实的人成为总统。” 但是这位前马萨诸塞州州长也说，川普缺少当总统的气质和判断力。

罗姆尼四年前作为共和党总统候选人与奥巴马竞选白宫后落败，他星期四在犹他州盐湖城的犹他大学欣克利学院政治论坛上发表了上述讲话。

罗姆尼对川普的攻击与两人在2012年时的关系大相径庭。当时房地产亿万富翁川普拥护罗姆尼，而罗姆尼反过来称赞川普的经商才干。

Romney Casts Trump As Dangerous, Unfit To Be President

Former presidential candidate Mitt Romney eviscerated current Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in a remarkable speech, casting him as unfit to be the president of the United States. Romney appealed to Republican voters to consider the consequences of a vote for Trump in caucuses and primaries across the country saying: “If we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee, the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are diminished.”

Romney made clear that he, himself, is not planning to run and called on voters to consider any of the four remaining Republican candidates, cautioning that: “A person so untrustworthy and dishonest as [Democratic candidate] Hillary Clinton must not become president.” But the former Massachusetts governor said Trump has neither the temperament nor the judgment to be president.

Romney, who ran unsuccessfully against President Barack Obama four years ago, spoke in Salt Lake City, Utah, Thursday, at the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute of Politics Forum.

Romney's attacks on Trump contrast markedly with the two men's relationship in 2012, when billionaire real-estate mogul Trump championed Romney, who in turn praised Trump's business expertise.