川普与高科技公司高管举行“和解”会谈

美国当选总统川普星期三与美国主要科技公司高层主管会晤，他们当中很多人在大选期间曾经对川普发出强烈批评，不过大选期间的对立气氛并没有延续到星期三的会面。

川普团队说，川普试图开启“对话与伙伴关系”，来激发更多的发明创造，推动就业。

这次会面在川普的纽约办公总部进行，参加会议的都是美国科技界的领军人物，包括脸书首席运营官桑德伯格，亚马逊首席执行官贝佐斯，特斯拉首席执行官马斯克。

川普会议一开始就表达了友善与和解的态度。

他说：“聚集在这里的各位都是无可取代的，我希望你们继续创新，任何需要帮助的时候我们一定会提供帮助。”

川普告诉这些主管们可以直接打电话找他，并建议今后每三个月聚会一次。

参加会议的这些科技界领袖在会议后都没有对媒体发表评论。

川普在大选期间批评中国，威胁推翻贸易协议以及限制移民等言论引起了很多科技界领袖的不满，他们担心川普的政策会影响他们引进合格高科技人才的机会。

川普承诺，他将制定“公平的贸易协定”，更便于这些高科技公司进行国际贸易。

Trump and Top High-Tech Executives in 'Conciliatory' Meeting

President-elect Donald Trump met Wednesday with top executives from the biggest U.S. technology companies, many of whom were among his fiercest critics during this year's election campaign, but there were no signs of lingering animosity during their discussions.

Trump's office said he wants to begin a "conversation and partnership" to spark innovation and create more jobs.

The meeting at Trump's New York City headquarters included the leaders of companies known worldwide - Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors.

Trump struck a cordial and conciliatory tone at the start of the meeting.

"There's nobody like the people in this room. ... We want you to keep going with the incredible innovation," Trump said. "Anything we can do to help this go along, we're going to be there for you."

Trump invited the CEOs to telephone him directly if they want to talk, and suggested they meet again, as often as every three months.

None of the CEOs spoke afterwards to reporters.

Many of the high-tech leaders had strong misgivings about a Trump presidency before the election because of his strong criticism of China, his threats to tear up trade deals and plans to curb immigration, which would limit the number of highly qualified workers available to technology companies.

Trump promised the tech executives he would put together "fair-trade deals" that would "make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders."

雅虎10亿多账号遭黑客袭击

雅虎公司星期三说，2013年8月发生的黑客袭击导致10亿个雅虎账号资料被窃。

雅虎9月份还曾披露2014年发生的一次黑客袭击，那次有5亿个用户的账号被袭击。

雅虎公司在声明中说：“我们相信，2013年8月，一个未经授权的第三方从10亿多个账户里盗窃了资料。我们相信，这起袭击事件很可能跟我们2016年9月22日公布的那起袭击事件是两次不同的黑客袭击。”

雅虎说，被盗窃的资料可能包括姓名、电邮地址、电话号码、生日和验证身份用的问题和答案，但是支付卡和银行资料应该没有受到影响。

More Than 1 Billion Yahoo! Accounts Hacked

A data breach in August 2013 exposed information held in more than 1 billion Yahoo user accounts, the company said Wednesday.

The hacking incident is separate from an intrusion Yahoo reported in September, when the company disclosed 500 million user accounts were exposed in 2014.

"Yahoo believes an unauthorized third party, in August 2013, stole data associated with more than one billion user accounts," Yahoo said in a statement. "Yahoo believes this incident is likely distinct from the incident the company disclosed on September 22, 2016."

The information stolen may include names, email addresses, phone numbers, birthdates and security questions and answers. Payment card and bank account data were not believed to have been affected, the company said.

Yahoo, based in Sunnyvale, California, is in the process of being acquired by Verizon in a $4.8 billion deal. The company did not identify the "unauthorized third party" involved in the 2013 hacking.