未遂政变导致土耳其与美国关系紧张

土耳其当局对被指称为军事政变策划者与同情者进行镇压之际，美国与土耳其之间极为重要的战略关系日益紧张。

美国一方面对土耳其进入国家紧急状态后所采取的日益专制的措施表示震惊，一方面对民选政府战胜一场军事政变的努力表示支持，在这两者间左右为难。

另外，更令人恼火的是，一直有传言说美国在未遂政变中起了作用。美国国务院发言人柯比星期四将这种传言称为“荒唐可笑”。

土耳其政府下令关闭130多个包括电视频道、电台、报纸和新闻机构在内的媒体。大约90名记者不是被逮捕，就是被拘押。

柯比说：“我们显然极为担忧”，他强调说：“土耳其作为朋友和盟国对我们十分重要，他们的民主制度对我们十分重要。”

大约有1700名军人被解职，其中包括150名被怀疑跟未遂政变有关联的将军。

土耳其是北约成员国，与伊拉克和叙利亚接壤。在抗击伊拉克和叙利亚境内的伊斯兰国的战斗中，土耳其是美国的重要盟国。

Turkey-US Relations Strained by Coup Attempt

The strategically critical U.S.-Turkey relationship is coming under increasing strain as authorities in Ankara crack down on alleged coup plotters and sympathizers.

Washington is caught between expressing alarm about increasingly authoritarian measures being taken under Turkey's state of emergency and showing support for a democratically elected government that fought off a military putsch.

A further source of irritation is persistent rumors in Turkey that the United States played a role in the attempted coup, something State Department spokesman John Kirby characterized on Thursday as “ludicrous.”

Turkey’s government has ordered more than 130 media outlets - TV channels, radio stations, newspapers and news agencies - to close, and approximately 90 journalists have either been arrested or ordered detained.

“We’re obviously deeply concerned,” said Kirby, who continued to stress that “Turkey matters to us as a friend and ally, and their democracy matters to us.”

About 1,700 military personnel have been dismissed, including 150 generals and admirals suspected of ties to the unsuccessful putsch.

Ankara is a critical American ally in the fight against the so-called Islamic State group operating in Iraq and Syria, both of which border Turkey, a NATO member.

联合国人权专家称种族主义阻碍美国实现其理想

联合国一位人权专家说，种族主义以及社会和经济不平等阻碍了美国实现它的理想，包括结社和和集会的自由权。

联合国特别报告员麦纳·基艾星期四通报了他对巴尔的摩、华盛顿、纽约和费城等几个大城市为期17天的访问结果。

他说：“人们目前有理由愤怒和不满。”

他说，虽然他的真相调查使命本不该包括种族问题，但是在他的访问过程中，不提到种族问题是不可能的。

基艾说，了解种族主义意味着要回顾美国400年历史，其中包括奴隶制和使非洲裔美国人边缘化的种族隔离制，以及把数百万生命置于“不幸、穷困和被压迫”的历史。

他说，虽然奴隶制早已消亡，种族隔离也属非法，但美国的种族歧视现在被一种不同的语言所掩盖，例如“反毒品战争”，以及包括让轻罪犯长期服刑的“三振出局”的量刑政策等。

基艾说，这使很多非洲裔美国人很难找到好的工作和优质居所。

他说，“黑人社区对这些不公正的愤怒溢于言表，而且无可非议”，促使“黑人重要”运动得以产生。在发生一连串警察枪杀年轻黑人事件后，这一运动逐渐壮大。

基艾还批评了美国移民劳工的处境。他说，他们受到剥削，因为担心受到报复而不敢采取行动改善工作条件。

但是他说，美国是一个“奋发和坚韧”的国家，它的公民社会是这个国家最大的优势之一。

奥巴马政府还没有对基艾的报告作出评论，报告将于明年6月提交联合国人权委员会。

UN Human Rights Expert Says Racism Keeping US from Living Up to Its Ideals

Racism, and social and economic inequality are keeping the United States from living up to its ideals, including the right to freedom of assembly and association, a U.N. human rights expert says.

Special Rapporteur Maina Kiai reported on his 17-day visit to the U.S. Thursday, where he visited several large cities including Baltimore, Washington, New York, and Philadelphia.

"People have a good reason to be angry and frustrated at the moment," Kiai said.

He said while his fact-finding missions are not supposed to include issues of race, it was impossible to carry out his tour of the U.S. without racism coming up in the discussions.

Kiai said understanding racism means looking back on 400 years of U.S. history which included slavery and legal segregation that marginalized African-Americans, subjecting millions to lives of "misery, poverty, and persecution."

While slavery is long-since dead and segregation illegal, Kiai says discrimination in the U.S. is now cloaked in different language such as "the war on drugs" and "three strikes" sentencing policies that include long jail terms for even minor crimes.

He says it makes finding good jobs and quality housing difficult for many African Americans.

Kiai said the "justifiable and palpable anger in the back community over these injustices" gave birth to the Black Lives Matter movement that has grown after a series of deadly police shootings of young black men.

He also criticized the situation of migrant workers in the U.S., saying they are exploited and fearful of taking action to improve working conditions because of possible retaliation.

But Kiai said the U.S. is a nation of "struggle and resilience" and that its civil society is one of the country's greatest strengths.

The Obama administration has not yet commented on Kiai's report, which will be presented to the U.N. Human Rights Council next June.