摩加迪沙附近爆炸造成20人丧生

星期天早上，索马里首都摩加迪沙郊外新海港外发生一起严重卡车炸弹袭击事件，至少20人死亡，几十人受伤。

索马里极端组织青年党表示，他们对这次爆炸事件承担责任。这次爆炸发生在摩加迪沙港口入口处附近的停车场，爆炸对周围地区造成了严重破坏。

摩加迪沙居民说，城市另一端都能听到爆炸声，现场滚滚浓烟的照片在社交媒体上流传。

摩加迪沙地方政府发言人告诉美国之音索马里语言组说，受害者大部分是平民。

摩加迪沙港的经营者是土耳其的“巴拉克公司”，该公司同索马里政府签署了20年协议，负责对港口进行改造和管理。目前尚不清楚是否有土耳其人伤亡。

20 Killed in Blast Near Mogadishu

A massive truck bomb exploded outside Mogadishu's new seaport Sunday morning, killing at least 20 people and wounding dozens of others.

The militant group al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the blast that occurred in a parking lot near the entrance of Mogadishu’s port, causing huge damage to the surrounding areas.

Mogadishu residents said the blast could be heard across the city, and pictures of black smoke from the scene were circulated on social media.

A Mogadishu’s regional administration spokesman told VOA's Somali service that most of the victims were civilians.

Mogadishu's seaport is run by Al-Bayrak, a Turkish company that has a 20-year agreement with the Somali government to upgrade and manage the operations of the port. It is unclear if any of the Turkish nationals were hurt.

尼日利亚教堂房顶坍塌，一百多人丧生

尼日利亚南部一座教堂房顶坍塌，救援人员继续在废墟中寻找幸存者。这起事件造成至少100人丧失，有些报道说，死亡人数多达160人。

这座教堂位于乌约市，事发时教堂里有几百人。这座教堂还在修建之中。

当地官员对遇难者人数轻描淡写，州警方发言人说，27人死亡，30人受伤。

房顶坍塌时，几名当地官员也在参加礼拜，包括阿夸伊博姆州州长艾曼纽，他安然脱险。

艾曼纽发推文说，他亲自在现场监督救援工作，并宣布12月11日和12日为追悼日。

州长的一位发言人说，政府将对坍塌事件的起因进行调查。

Roof Collapse at Nigerian Church Kills More Than 100

Rescue workers continue to look for survivors in the debris following the collapse of a church roof in southern Nigeria, killing at least 100 people. Some reports put the death toll as high as 160.

Hundreds of people were in the church, which was still under construction when the roof collapsed Saturday in the city of Uyo.

Local officials played down the number of victims. State police spokeswoman said 27 had been killed and 30 injured.

Several local officials were in attendance when the roof fell, including Udom Emmanuel, the governor of Akwa Ibom state, who escaped without injury.

Governor Emmanuel tweeted that he personally supervised rescue operations at the scene. He has declared December 11 and 12 as days of mourning.

A spokesman for the governor said the state will conduct an investigation into the collapse.