奥巴马发表国情咨文 瞩目未来 批评共和党对手

美国总统奥巴马在发表第7次、也是最后一次国情咨文讲话中，赞扬自己所取得的成就，并将目光集中于未来。在带有乐观色彩的演讲中，奥巴马在步入任期最后一年之际尝试对自己的政治遗产予以确定。

奥巴马星期二在国会众议院议事大厅发表国情咨文演讲，大厅里座无虚席。奥巴马显得很放松，讲话基调是积极的，他集中阐述了弥合国内深刻政治分歧的必要性。

但奥巴马也回击了自己的批评者，数次间接严厉地批评了共和党对手，特别抨击了基于种族和宗教因素而攻击他人的政治行为，这被视为对共和党支持率最高的总统参选人川普的批评。

奥巴马说：“政界人士侮辱穆斯林，清真寺被损毁，孩子遭恐吓，这样做并不能让我们更安全。这种做法是无效的，是错误的。这种做法贬损我们在世人眼中的形象，使我们更难以实现我们的目标，而且有悖于我们国家的宗旨。”

奥巴马还在经济问题上抨击了国内的反对者。他说，声称美国经济在走下坡路的任何人都是在散播不实之词。他指出，美国目前拥有世界上最强劲、最具持续性的经济。

在谈到外交政策时，奥巴马承认来自包括伊斯兰国在内的恐怖组织的威胁，但他指出，世界并非像一些人所说的那样正在滑向“第三次世界大战”。

美国南卡罗莱纳州州长哈利代表共和党对奥巴马的国情咨文讲话做出反应。她批评奥巴马做的不如讲的那样漂亮。

哈利说，在奥巴马的总统任期迈入最后一年之际，美国经济依旧疲软，收入难以增加，使美国人民感到压力，国债使人不胜重负，健保法让健康保险费用变得更加难以承受，医生也更难约到，同时美国很多城市出现骚乱。

哈利说，更糟糕的是，美国面临着9-11以来最危险的恐怖主义威胁，而奥巴马总统要么是不愿意、要么是没有能力应对这一局面。

Obama Focuses on Future, Slams GOP Rivals, At State of the Union Address

In his seventh and final State of the Union address, President Barack Obama touted his accomplishments and focused on his vision for the future, in an optimistic speech that attempted to define his legacy as he enters his final year in office.

Addressing a packed House of Representatives chamber Tuesday in the U.S. Capitol, Obama appeared relaxed and his tone was largely positive as he focused on the need to heal the country's deep political divides.

But the president also took several swipes at his critics, on several occasions offering indirect but harsh criticisms of the Republican. In particular, Obama slammed "politics that targets people because of race or religion," a statement seen as a criticism of Republican frontrunner Donald Trump.

"When politicians insult Muslims, when a mosque is vandalized, or a kid is bullied, that doesn't make us safer. That's not telling it like it is. It's just wrong," he said. "It diminishes us in the eyes of the world. It makes it harder to achieve our goals. And it betrays who we are as a country."

Obama also hit out at his domestic opponents on economic issues, saying "anyone claiming that America's economy is in decline is peddling fiction."

On foreign policy, Obama acknowledged the threat posed by terrorist groups, including Islamic State. But he warned against those who say the world is sinking into "World War III."

The Republican response to Obama's speech was delivered by South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley. Governor Haley accused the president of not living up to his "soaring words."

"As he enters his final year in office, many Americans are still feeling the squeeze of an economy too weak to raise income levels. We’re feeling a crushing national debt, a health care plan that has made insurance less affordable and doctors less available, and chaotic unrest in many of our cities," Haley said.

"Even worse, we are facing the most dangerous terrorist threat our nation has seen since September 11th, and this president appears either unwilling or unable to deal with it." she added.

伊朗官员预计美国海军军人周三获释

一名伊朗军方官员说，预计被伊朗拘留的10名美国海军军人将于周三获释。一天前，这些美国军人乘坐的小艇进入伊朗领海。

伊朗国家电视台援引伊朗革命卫队海军首脑法达维将军的话说，这些美国海军的导航系统发生机械故障，致使他们进入伊朗领海。

法达维早些时候表示，伊朗外长扎里夫通过电话对美国国务卿克里说，美国应就这一事件道歉。

载有10名美国海军军人的两艘小艇在波斯湾行驶于科威特和巴林之间时，美国控制人员与他们失去联系。这10名海军军人9人是男性，另外一人是女性。

一名美国国防部官员星期二对美国之音表示，“其中一艘船上可能出现机械故障，但目前还不清楚。我猜测是他们是在伊朗海域被扣留的。”

Iran Official Expects US Sailors' Release Wednesday

An Iranian military official says 10 U.S. Navy sailors detained by Iran are expected to be released Wednesday, a day after they drifted into Iranian territorial waters.

State television quoted Gen. Ali Fadavi, the Navy chief of the Revolutionary Guard, saying a mechanical problem in the sailors' navigation system caused them to enter Iranian waters.

Fadavi said earlier that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in a phone call the U.S. should apologize for the incident.

The nine men and one woman were on two small vessels traveling in the Persian Gulf between Kuwait and Bahrain on Tuesday when U.S. controllers lost contact with them.

"There may have been mechanical failure on one of the vessels, but it is unclear at this time," a defense official told VOA. "My assumption is that they were in Iranian territorial waters when they were detained."