两名外国人据报在喀布尔被绑架

身份不明的武装分子在阿富汗首都喀布尔绑架了两名外国人。据信，一名是美国公民，另一名是澳大利亚人，他们都是阿富汗美国大学的员工。

当地一位不愿透露姓名的警官告诉美国之音阿富汗语组，星期天晚上，武装分子在国家安全部队制服的伪装下绑架了这两名外国人。

美国国务院发表声明说，“已获悉一位美国公民在喀布尔被绑架的报道”，但没有提供更多信息。

澳大利亚政府也证实了一位澳大利亚公民“显然被绑架”的消息。

喀布尔警方已经展开调查，采取行动，寻找被绑架者的下落。

Two Foreigners Reported Kidnapped in Kabul

Unknown armed men have kidnapped two foreigners, thought to be a U.S. citizen and an Australian, in the Afghan capital, Kabul. The two are believed to be employees of the American University of Afghanistan.

A local police official in the area who requested anonymity told VOA's Afghan service that men disguised in National Security forces uniforms kidnapped the foreigners Sunday night.

The U.S. State Department said in a statement it is "aware of reports of a U.S. citizen kidnapped in Kabul," but did not provide any more information.

The Australian government confirmed the "apparent kidnapping" of one its citizens."

Kabul police have launched an investigation and an operation is under way to find the abductees.

伊朗处决为美国提供情报的伊朗科学家

伊朗处决了一位核科学家，此人因将德黑兰有争议的核项目的绝密情报交给美国被定罪。

星期天，伊朗官方通讯社确认沙赫拉姆·阿米里被处决。伊朗司法部发言人莫赫赛尼·艾杰伊说：“阿米里通过他和美国的联系，将至关重要的国家情报交给敌人。”

艾杰伊说，法庭判处阿米里死刑，伊朗最高法院维持了这一判决。

阿米里2009年离开伊朗，前往沙特阿拉伯，一年以后转往美国。美国官员说，他们向阿米里支付了500万美元，让他离开伊朗，提供伊朗核项目的信息。

一位美国官员2010年说，美国从阿米里那里得到了“有用的信息”。

Iran Executes Nuclear Scientist for Spying for the US

Iran has executed a nuclear scientist who was convicted of giving top secret information about Tehran's controversial nuclear program to the United States.

The execution of Shahram Amiri was confirmed Sunday by Iran's official news agency, IRNA. "Through his connection with the United States, Amiri gave vital information about the country to the enemy," said judicial spokesman Gholamhosein Mohseni Ejehi.

Ejehi said a court had sentenced Amiri to death, a sentence that was upheld by Iran's Supreme Court.

Amiri left for Saudi Arabia in 2009 and relocated to the United States a year later. U.S. officials said they paid Amiri about $5 million to leave Iran and provide information about Iran's nuclear program.

A U.S. official said in 2010 that the U.S. received "useful information" from Amiri.