叙利亚难民滞留土叙边境

尽管土耳其表示其接纳难民的能力已经饱和，土耳其援助人员仍在为叙利亚难民提供帐篷和其他补给，这些难民目前滞留在土叙边界。

土耳其副总理库尔图尔穆什星期日对美国有线电视新闻网说，土耳其已经收容了300万难民，其中绝大多数是叙利亚人。

土耳其关闭了进入叙利亚的奥库皮纳尔过境点，成千上万叙利亚人星期日已是连续第3天滞留那里，等待重开边界。土耳其官员说，在边界等候的叙利亚人多达3万5千人。这些叙利亚人是为了逃离得到俄罗斯支持的叙利亚政府军对阿勒颇的进攻。

目前还不清楚，土耳其在什么情况下才会重开边界。

Turkey Keeps Syrian Refugees Waiting

While Turkey says it has reached its "capacity to absorb" refugees, Turkish aid workers are providing tents and supplies for Syrian refugees who have gathered at the border between the two countries.

Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told CNN-Turk television Sunday Turkey has already taken in 3 million refugees, the vast majority of them Syrians.

Turkey has closed its Oncupinar border opposite Syria's Bab al-Samam frontier where thousands of Syrians massed Sunday for a third day waiting for the border to open. Turkish officials say up to 35,000 Syrians are waiting at the border. The Syrians are escaping a Russia-backed government offensive in the Syrian city of Aleppo.

It was not immediately clear, however, what has to happen before the crossing is opened.

平壤无视国际社会谴责

国际社会对朝鲜星期日发射火箭以及上月进行核试验予以谴责，而平壤当局对国际谴责所持的强硬立场在某种程度上加强了金正恩在国内外的地位。

在朝鲜国内，受到严格控制的国家媒体把这个年轻的领导人描绘成捍卫国家主权、对抗美国和韩国势力的坚强领袖。

朝鲜国家媒体把星期日发射火箭称之为快速发展的朝鲜取得的伟大科技成就，使很多朝鲜人感到自豪。

美国联合太空合作中心说，朝鲜火箭把两个物体送入轨道，但不清楚它们是否在发送信号。

联合国安理会星期日谴责朝鲜打着发射卫星的幌子试验弹道导弹技术，而这种技术可用于发展运载核武器系统。

平壤近来发射火箭和进行核试验，这种举动向国际社会发出一个清晰的信息，即朝鲜不会放弃其核威慑力量。

North Korea Undeterred by International Condemnation

North Korea’s defiant stance in the face of international condemnation over its rocket launch Sunday and its nuclear test last month are in some ways strengthening Kim Jong Un’s position at home and abroad.

Domestically, the young leader is portrayed by the North’s tightly controlled state media as a strong leader defending the country’s sovereignty against hostile American and South Korean forces.

And Sunday’s rocket launch is described by state media outlets as a great technological achievement by a rapidly advancing nation that fills many North Koreans with pride.

The U.S. Joint Space Operations Center says North Korea's rocket launch put two objects in orbit, but it is unclear if either is sending out signals.

No signal has ever been detected from a similar North Korea satellite, launched in 2012, which orbits the Earth every 95 minutes. Pyongyang has said the 100-kg metal “satellite” was equipped with cameras to send images back to Earth.

The United Nations Security Council Sunday condemned North Korea for testing ballistic missile technology under the guise of a satellite launch that contributes to the “development of nuclear weapon delivery systems.”

Pyongyang’s recent rocket launch and nuclear test sends a clear message to the international community that North Korea will not give up its nuclear deterrent.