美国社交网站将联手删除恐怖主义宣传

美国主要社交网站表示，他们将合作迅速识别并删除用于招募恐怖分子的图片和录像。

脸书、推特、微软和YouTube星期一宣布，他们将建立一个分享数据库，使用独特的“指纹”技术，识别这类被举报的图片录像，让这些公司更容易检查并可能删除这些内容。

他们表示，每一家公司将自行决定这些内容是否违反了该公司的商业服务条款。

这几家公司在一份声明中说：“我们将继续执行公司政策，帮助制止迫切需要解决的全球性网络恐怖主义宣传，我们希望这样的合作将为此带来更高的效率。” 声明还说：“在我们提供的消费者服务平台上，绝不允许宣传恐怖主义的内容。”

这些网络巨头最近受到各国政府日益增加的压力，要求他们进一步采取措施，删除极端主义内容。

美国国会推出立法，要求社交媒体公司向警方报告他们获悉的网上恐怖主义活动。

大多数社交媒体都有服务协议，禁止支持暴力或非法活动的内容。这些公司通常依靠用户来举报不恰当的内容，然后由编辑来审阅处理。

新的数据库将在2017年初投入使用，将来可能会有更多的公司加入这一合作伙伴关系。

Social Media Companies to Cooperate on Removing Terrorist Propaganda

The top social media networks in the United States say they are working together to quickly identify and take down photos and video that are used to recruit people into terrorism.

Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and YouTube announced Monday that they will create a shared database that identifies flagged images and video using unique "fingerprints," making it easier for the companies to review and potentially remove the content.

They said each company will then determine whether the material violates their business' terms of service.

"We hope this collaboration will lead to greater efficiency as we continue to enforce our policies to help curb the pressing global issue of terrorist content online," the companies said in a statement. "There is no place for content that promotes terrorism on our hosted consumer services."

The internet giants have come under increasing pressure from governments around the world to do more to remove extremist material.

In the United States, lawmakers have introduced legislation that would require social media companies to report to police any online terrorist activities they learn about.

Most social media services have terms of agreement that prohibit content that supports violent or illegal activities. The companies typically rely on users to flag inappropriate content, which is then reviewed by editors.

The new database will be up and running by early 2017 and more companies could be brought into the partnership.

伊斯兰国新发言人矛头直指西方、土耳其和伊朗

伊斯兰国极端组织新发言人煽动支持者不论在任何地方都要针对他们的敌人发动袭击，用他的话说要“烧焦他们脚下的土地“。

伊斯兰国新发言人阿布∙哈桑∙姆哈伊尔接替了8月30号被美国无人机在叙利亚炸死的前发言人阿布∙穆罕默德∙阿德纳尼。伊斯兰国通过媒体分支阿布∙哈桑∙姆哈伊尔的讲话录音。

姆哈伊尔说：“你们要在市场，道路，俱乐部以及任何他们想不到的地方发动袭击。你们的行动会带来变化，改变现状。”

姆哈伊尔还保证要对美国，俄罗斯，欧洲和伊朗发动新的袭击，但他将更大的敌意直指土耳其。他号召伊斯兰国支持者“对世俗背教的土耳其政府发动袭击，在所有安全，军事，经济和媒体所在的地方，甚至是土耳其驻世界各国的大使馆和领事馆”。

New Islamic State Spokesman Takes Aim at West, Turkey and Iran

A new chief spokesman for the Islamic State is urging supporters to target the terror group’s enemies wherever they find them and “burn the ground under their feet.”

IS, through its media division, released an audio recording of Abu Hassan al-Muhajir, naming him as the replacement for Abu Muhammad al-Adnani. Adnani was killed in a U.S. drone strike near al-Bab, Syria August 30.

“Attack them in their markets, roads, clubs and any unexpected location,” Muhajir said, “Your operations make a difference…change the situation.”

Muhajir also promises new attacks on the U.S., Russia, Europe and Iran, but he reserves considerable venom for Turkey. He tells IS supporters to attack "the secular, apostate Turkish government in every security, military, economic and media place even every embassy and consulate that represents it in all the world's countries."