7国集团领导人在日本召开峰会

7国集团和欧盟领导人星期四在日本海滨城市伊势志摩召开年度峰会。

日本首相安倍晋三在伊势神宫迎接美国总统奥巴马以及英国、法国、德国、意大利和加拿大领导人。每位领导人都在一位身穿白袍的神职人员的陪同下，走过一条通往神宫的长桥，按传统礼仪参加合影。

这次为期两天的7国集团峰会将主要讨论如何振兴疲软的全球经济、打击恐怖主义以及海事安全等问题，最后一个问题显然是针对中国在资源丰富的南中国海不断强化的领土扩张态势。

星期五峰会结束后，奥巴马将前往广岛访问。1945年，美国战机在广岛投放了世界上第一颗原子弹，造成大量伤亡，也催化了二战的结束。

G7 Leaders Begin Summit in Japan

The heads of state of the world's seven wealthiest nations plus the leaders of the European Union began their annual summit on Thursday in the coastal Japanese city of Ise Shima.

Prime Minster Shinzo Abe greeted U.S. President Barack Obama and the leaders of Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Canada at the Ise Grand Shrine. Each leader walked across a long bridge to the shrine, accompanied by a white-robed priest, before assembling for a traditional group photograph.

The agenda for the two-day G7 summit is dedicated to boosting the sluggish global economy, combating terrorism and maritime security, the last point an obvious nod to China's increasing territorial expansion in the resource-rich South China Sea.

After the summit's conclusion on Friday, Obama will travel to Hiroshima, where tens of thousands of Japanese were killed when a U.S. warplane dropped the world's first atomic bomb in 1945, hastening the end of World War Two.

美国11个州就跨性别者的学校 “如厕令”起诉联邦政府

美国11个州对奥巴马政府有关跨性别学生使用学校厕所的指导方针提出诉讼。

联邦政府颁布的指导方针建议，公立学校应允许学生根据自己认同的性别使用厕所，而不必按照他们出生证上的性别。

以德克萨斯为首的11个州就此提出诉讼，指责奥巴马政府意图使学校成为进行大规模社会试验的实验室，违反民主程序，以及践踏保护儿童和基本隐私权的常识性政策。

白宫和美国司法部都还没有对这一诉讼发表评论。

对奥巴马政府这一政策持批评立场的人说，修改现行法律是国会的职权，不归白宫管，奥巴马政府的做法严重悖离了这一原则。司法部反驳说，联邦公民权利法禁止性别歧视，这为政府制定该指导方针提供了法律依据。

美国司法部的指导方针不具有约束力，但如果某个州的学校不遵守这一指导方针，该州就可能失去数百万美元的联邦教育补贴。

11 States Sue US Over Transgender Bathroom Guidelines in Schools

Eleven U.S. states are suing the Obama administration over guidelines covering which school bathrooms transgender students can use.

The federal guidelines recommend that public schools let students use the bathrooms of the gender with which they identify, instead of what is on their birth certificate.

The lawsuit by 11 states, led by Texas, accuses the Obama administration of conspiring to turn schools into "laboratories for a massive social experiment, flouting the democratic process and running roughshod over commonsense policies protecting children and basic privacy rights."

Neither the White House nor the Justice Department has commented on the lawsuit.

Critics of the administration's policy argue that it marks a significant change to settled law which should be left up to Congress, not the White House. The Justice Department has rejected that argument, saying that federal civil rights laws, which bar discrimination on the basis of sex, provide the legal foundation for the department's guidance.

The guidance is non-binding, but school systems could lose millions of dollars in federal aid if they fail to follow it.