巴黎恐袭案嫌疑人接受讯问

星期五，去年11月巴黎恐怖袭击案的主要嫌疑人萨拉赫·阿布德斯拉姆将接受法国调查人员的讯问。自他上月从比利时被引渡到法国后，这是首次接受讯问。

有关当局期待阿布德斯拉姆的证词会有助于了解伊斯兰极端分子是如何策划和实施那次恐怖袭击的。他提供的信息还可能帮助当局了解巴黎恐袭案与比利时恐袭案之间的关联。

此前在比利时接受讯问时，阿布德斯拉姆刻意淡化自己在袭击案中的作用，声称他只是阿巴乌德制定的计划中的一个小卒子。

据信阿布德斯拉姆将3名自杀爆炸手送到法国北部的法兰西国家体育场，他们在那里发动了自杀爆炸袭击。此外，据信阿布德斯拉姆本人在最后一刻放弃实施自杀爆炸。

Paris Terror Suspect Goes Before Investigators

Salah Abdeslam, the leading suspect in last November’s Paris terror attack, will face questions from French investigators Friday for the first time since he was extradited from Belgium last month.

His testimony is hoped to provide some insight into the planning and strategies used by the Islamist extremists in the execution of the terrorist attack. He could also detail any connections between the attacks in Paris and Belguim, which were both carried out by the Islamic State group.

Abdeslam played down his role in the attacks during previous interrogations in Belgium, saying he was merely a pawn in the plan devised by Abdelhamid Abaaoud

Abdeslam is believed to have transported three suicide bombers to the Stade de France national stadium in northern France, where they blew themselves up.

He is believed to have backed out of the suicide bombing himself at the last minute.

美欧拟澄清与伊朗做生意的限制

美国及其3个主要欧洲盟国英国、法国和德国表示，他们希望澄清，按照伊朗核协议，在伊朗的哪些投资和经贸往来是被允许的。

德黑兰同意对其核项目加以限制后，美国和欧盟于今年1月取消了对伊朗的大部分制裁。

但一些制裁措施依然有效，包括与人权和恐怖主义有关的制裁措施。

一些企业仍不清楚制裁措施的限制范围，因此没有在伊朗投资，也未同伊朗做生意。

美国国务院说，准备提供相应的指导和及时的说明。

但奥巴马总统上个月指出，伊朗必须采取更多行动，向外国企业证明在伊朗做生意是安全的。

US, Europe to Clear Up Rules for Doing Business with Iran

The United States and three key European allies -- Britain, France, and Germany -- say they want to eliminate any confusion about what investment and business deals with Iran are permitted after the nuclear deal.

The U.S. and European Union lifted most sanctions on Iran in January after Teheran agreed to curb its nuclear program.

But some sanctions remain, including those related to human rights and terrorism issues.

Some businesses are still confused over what is and is not permitted and are withholding investment and trade with Iran.

The State Department says it is ready to provide guidance and speedy clarification.

But President Barack Obama said last month that Iran still has to do more to prove to global firms that it is a safe place in which to do business.