伊朗连续第2天试射弹道导弹

伊朗表示，星期三又进行了两次弹道导弹试射。一天前，美国指责伊朗试射导弹，而伊朗声称此举是为展示“威慑力量”。

伊朗媒体说，伊朗星期三向位于1400公里以外的靶标发射了两枚Qadr H导弹。

美国国务院星期二说，准备要求联合国安理会审查有关局势，并做出适当的反应。

但发言人柯比承认，伊朗与世界6强国签订的核协议并不禁止伊朗进行此类导弹试射。签订伊朗核协议是为了消除对伊朗发展核武器的担忧，而伊朗始终不承认自己研制核武器。

伊朗核协议签订后，联合国安理会通过了一项决议案，要求伊朗不得从事与可携带核武器的弹道导弹有关的任何活动，包括利用弹道导弹技术进行发射。

Iran Launches Second Day of Ballistic Missile Tests

Iran said it carried out two more ballistic missile tests Wednesday, a day after the United States criticized a round of tests that Iran described as a show of its "deterrent power."

Iranian media said two Qadr H missiles were fired Wednesday at targets 1,400 kilometers away.

The U.S. State Department said Tuesday it planned to ask the U.N. Security Council to review the situation and "press for an appropriate response."

But spokesman John Kirby acknowledged that the missile tests are not prohibited by Iran's agreement with six world powers to curb its nuclear program. That deal was meant to address concerns that Iran was working on nuclear weapons, which it has always denied.

The agreement brought a new U.N. Security Council resolution that calls on Iran to not "undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches using such ballistic missile technology."​

联合国：停止移民涌入提案可能违反国际法

联合国难民机构星期二表示，担心欧盟与土耳其达成的提案的部分内容可能违反国际法。这份提案是要阻止难民和移民涌入希腊，包括可能将这些人统统遣返。

联合国难民事务高级专员公署说，拟议中的协议有些方面需要澄清，不过表示其关注的是涉及将所有人从一个国家送往另一个国家的任何安排。

欧盟领导人和土耳其政府星期二表示，双方已经达成了初步协议，将成千上万从土耳其抵达希腊的移民送回去。他们相信，双方在下星期的峰会上可以就此达成全面协议。

欧盟28个国家在数月的分歧和越来越激烈的争吵之后，各国领导人表示，他们同意给土耳其追加30多亿美元资金，帮助土耳其安排收容的近300万叙利亚难民。

欧盟领导人还同意迅速放松对土耳其人的签证要求，并加速土耳其加入欧盟的谈判，以换取土耳其为遏制涌向欧洲的移民潮提供帮助。

除此之外，协议还要求土耳其每收回一名从希腊返回的难民，欧盟就重新安置一名来自土耳其的叙利亚难民。

法国总统奥朗德说，“此次峰会创造了希望，让难民问题可以在欧洲的团结和与土耳其的有效合作中得到处理。”

不过，联合国难民署的欧洲协调人科舍泰尔表示，他还不知道拟议中的细节，他对美国之音表示，他担心拟议可能缺乏对寻求庇护者利益的保障措施。

科舍泰尔说，“集体驱逐外国人是欧洲人权公约禁止的。”他说， “任何将外国人统统送往第三国的协议不符合欧盟法律，不符合国际法。”

UN: Proposal to Halt Migrants May Violate International Law

The U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday it is concerned some parts of an EU-Turkey proposal to stem the flow of refugees and migrants into Greece, including a possible blanket return of individuals, may violate international law.

The U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) said aspects of the proposed agreement need to be clarified. However, it said it is concerned about any arrangement that involves the blanket return of all individuals from one country to another.

EU leaders and Ankara said Tuesday they had reached a possible deal that would return the thousands of migrants arriving in Greece from Turkey. The leaders are confident a full agreement can be reached at a summit next week.

After months of disagreements and increased bickering among the 28 EU nations, the leaders said they agreed to give Turkey more than $3 billion in additional funds to help with the nearly 3 million Syrian refugees it is hosting.

The EU leaders also agreed to swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks in exchange for its help in stemming migration flows to Europe.

In addition, the deal calls for the EU to resettle one Syrian refugee from Turkey in return for every Syrian refugee Turkey takes back from Greece.

French President Francois Hollande said, "The summit has created hope that the refugee question can be dealt with through solidarity in Europe, and efficiency in cooperation with Turkey."

However, UNHCR refugee coordinator for Europe Vincent Cochetel, who said he is did not know the details of the proposed deal, told VOA he worries it may lack safeguards to protect asylum-seekers.

“Collective expulsion of foreigners is prohibited under the European Convention of Human Rights," Cochetel said. "An agreement that would be tantamount to a blanket return of any foreigners to a third country is not consistent with European law, is not consistent with international law.”