韩国军方：朝鲜发射弹道导弹

韩国军方说，朝鲜潜艇发射的一枚弹道导弹似乎并没有成功。

韩国参谋长联席会议星期六说，朝鲜从潜艇向海上发射了一枚飞行物。韩国国防部发言人说，首尔密切关注朝鲜军队，保持全面防御态势。

在这次发射几个小时前，朝鲜报纸《劳动新闻》发表了一份声明，说韩国总统朴槿惠应该准备她的“寿衣”。

平壤一直在设法获得从潜艇发射弹道导弹的能力。

星期六试射之际，正值朝鲜为5月份一次罕见的党代会做准备的时候。

联合国最近对朝鲜实施了一系列新的、更强硬的制裁，以回应平壤今年1月进行第四次核试验，以及在2月进行弹道导弹试射。

South Korean Military: North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile

The South Korean military says North Korea's submarine-launched ballistic missile does not appear to have been a success.

South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said Saturday that a projectile was fired from a submarine toward the sea. A South Korean defense spokesman said Seoul is keeping close tabs on the North Korean military and maintaining a full defense posture.

North Korean newspaper Rodong Sinmun published a statement hours earlier saying South Korean President Park Geun-hye should make her "funeral shroud."

Pyongyang has been working to acquire submarine-launched ballistic missile capability.

Saturday's test-firing comes as North Korea prepares for a rare ruling party congress in May.

The United Nations recently imposed a new set of stronger sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's fourth nuclear test in January, and a ballistic missile test the following month.

日本经济新闻：奥巴马总统将访问广岛

日本一家大报报道说，美国总统奥巴马下个月去日本参加工业化七国首脑会议期间，将访问广岛。

此行将使奥巴马成为第一位在任期间访问广岛的美国总统。美国在广岛扔下的原子弹造成大约14万人死亡。三天后，美国又在日本港口城市长崎投下第二颗原子弹，导致大约七万人丧生，最终促成了二战的结束。

日本经济新闻援引来自美国的不具名消息来源的话说，日本首相安倍晋三届时将陪同奥巴马总统一道去广岛访问。这一消息来源还说，华盛顿下个月初会正式通知日本有关奥巴马访问广岛的计划。

这个月早些时候，克里成为第一位访问广岛的美国国务卿。

Nikkei: Obama to Visit Hiroshima

A leading Japanese newspaper says U.S. President Barack Obama will visit Hiroshima when he goes to Japan next month for a G-7 summit.

The visit would make Obama the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima. The bombing of Hiroshima resulted in the deaths of about 140,000 people. Three days later, the U.S. dropped a second bomb on the Japanese port city of Nagasaki, killing about 70,000 people. The bombings led to the end of World War II.

The Nikkei business daily on Friday, citing an anonymous U.S. source, said Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will accompany Obama to Hiroshima. The anonymous source told the Nikkei Washington will formally notify Japan early next month about Obama's plans to visit Hiroshima.

Earlier this month, John Kerry became the first U.S. secretary of state to visit Hiroshima.