中国对奥巴马会见达赖喇嘛提出警告

中国星期二警告说，美国总统奥巴马与达赖喇嘛的会面将损害两国互信。

这次会面定于星期三进行。为了避免惹怒中国，将在非公开场合进行。中国将达赖喇嘛视为危险的分裂主义分子。

奥巴马总统先前曾多次会见深受藏人尊崇的达赖喇嘛，称他是“一位好朋友”。

但是中国担心这会向藏人传递错误信号。

中国外交部发言人陆慷说：“如果进行这种会面，将会向寻求西藏独立的分裂主义势力传递错误的讯号，也会损害互信与合作”。

达赖喇嘛与中国中央政府的对话自2010年起中断。

流亡藏人今年5月重新选举了藏人行政中央的司政，仍寄希望于同中国继续就“中间道路”展开对话，让西藏得到真正自治。

China Warns Against Obama Meeting Dalai Lama

China warned against U.S. President Barack Obama meeting with the Dalai Lama, saying it could damage mutual trust on Tuesday.

The meeting, scheduled for Wednesday, will be closed-door to avoid angering China, who sees the Dalai Lama as a dangerous separatist.

President Obama has met with the Dalai Lama, a monk revered by Tibetans, multiple times and refers to him as "a good friend".

But China fears it will send the wrong message to Tibetans.

"If such meeting goes through, it will send a wrong signal to the separatist forces seeking Tibet independence and it will damage mutual trust and cooperation," China's foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters Wednesday.

Dialogue between the Dalai Lama and China’s central government stopped in 2010.

Tibetans re-elected their Prime Minister in May, and maintain hope that talks with China about a "middle way" that would give Tibet sovereignty can continue.

也门暴力严重影响到平民

无国界医生组织说，虽然也门交战双方在两个月前就达成了停火，但塔伊兹市的暴力冲突还在继续对平民造成严重的影响。

无国界医生组织星期二发表声明说，塔伊兹市人口密集区持续发生激烈的战斗，那里每天都有炮击、空袭、炸弹爆炸、地雷爆炸和狙击枪声。

声明说，交战各方没有人做出任何努力来防止平民伤亡。

无国界医生组织呼吁也门冲突各方，采取更多的措施保护平民，降低冲突的激烈程度，为人道救援不受限制进入塔伊兹提供便利。

根据联合国提供的最新数字，自从沙特阿拉伯开始轰炸胡塞抵抗力量以来的15个月里，有3500多人被打死，将近6300人受伤。

联合国儿童基金会3月29日公布的报告提供的数字是，在头一年的战斗中，儿童死亡人数为900人，受伤的数字是1300人。

Yemeni Civilians Caught in Violence

Civilians continue to be severely affected by violence in the Yemeni city of Taiz, despite the cease-fire reached two months ago between warring parties, according to the medical charity Médecins Sans Frontières, or Doctors Without Borders.

Some of the fiercest fighting has taken place in densely populated parts of Taiz, including daily shelling, airstrikes, bomb blasts, land mine explosions and sniper fire, an MSF statement said Tuesday.

None of the warring parties appears to be trying to prevent casualties among civilians, the statement said.

MSF called for all parties in Yemen’s conflict to take greater measures to protect civilians, reduce the intense level of conflict and facilitate unrestricted humanitarian access in Taiz.

According to the latest figures released by the U.N. human rights office, more than 3,500 people have been killed and nearly 6,300 wounded in Yemen since the beginning of Saudi Arabia’s bombing campaign against Houthi rebels about 15 months ago.

A report issued by the U.N. Children's Fund on March 29 put the number of children killed at 900 and the injured at 1,300 during the first year of fighting.