希腊：救助协议取得重大突破

欧元区成员国的财政部长们表示，星期二晚间在布鲁塞尔经过连续几个小时的讨论后，他们就重新安排希腊偿还债务的问题取得了“重大突破”。

国际货币基金组织要求减轻希腊的债务负担，以此作为继续向希腊发放救助贷款的条件。

欧盟对希腊最近采取的改革措施表示认可后，希腊将于6月收到总额为114亿美元的救助贷款的第一部分。

希腊的经济困境已持续了6年，目前希腊的国债高达国内生产总值的180%。

救助希腊的政治协议在谈判中遇到了阻力，尤其来自欧元区强国德国。德国一直要求希腊采取更严厉的紧缩措施，认为不需要再为希腊提供救助贷款。

但希腊目前亟需84亿美元，偿还7月到期的欧洲中央银行和国际货币基金组织的债务。

Greece: ‘Major Breakthrough’ in Debt Deal

Eurozone finance ministers say they have reached a "major breakthrough" in negotiating the latest debt relief deal for Greece after hours of discussion in Brussels Tuesday night.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) had demanded a reduction in Greece's debt burden as a condition of further IMF bailout funds.

Greece will receive the first part of an $11.4 billion bailout in June, following EU approval of its recent reform efforts.

This is the latest bailout in a six-year saga of economic troubles which have led to Greece's current public debt of about 180 percent of gross domestic product.

The difficult political agreement was met with resistance, particularly by Eurozone powerhouse Germany which, having continuously called for more austerity, claims this bailout was not necessary.

But Greece urgently needs the first tranche of $8.4 billion to pay off loans to the European Central bank and the IMF by July.

塔利班产生新领导人 证实曼苏尔死亡

阿富汗塔利班说，已任命莫尔维·哈伊巴图拉·阿昆德扎达接替被打死的曼苏尔，担任该组织的领导人。

塔利班星期三用普什图语发表声明，证实曼苏尔死于美国上周发动的一次无人机空袭。

塔利班在声明中说，该组织的最高委员会一致推举阿昆德扎达担任新领导人，并宣誓效忠于他。

美国总统奥巴马星期一说，曼苏尔阻碍阿富汗的和平与和解进程，因此被除掉。

阿昆德扎达和哈卡尼网络的领袖哈卡尼都是曼苏尔的副手。

塔利班创始人的儿子毛拉·雅各布被任命为新领导人的第二副手，而哈卡尼仍担任第一副手。

Taliban IDs New Leader, Confirms Mansoor Death

Afghanistan’s Taliban says Mawlawi Haibatullah Akhundzada has been appointed the new chief of the group following the death of Mullah Akhtar Mansoor.

In a Pashto language statement on Wednesday, the Tailban also formally confirmed Mansoor was killed in a U.S. drone attack last week.

“Mawlawi Haibatullah Akhundzada has been appointed as the new leader of the Islamic Emirate (Taliban) after a unanimous agreement in the shura (the supreme council), and all the members of shura pledged allegiance to him,” the Taliban statement said.

U.S. President Barack Obama confirmed on Monday that Mansoor was eliminated because he was blocking Afghan peace and reconciliation efforts.

The new Taliban leader was a deputy to Mansoor along with Sirajuddin Haqqani, the leader of the notorious Haqqani network.

Haqqani has retained his position while the son of the group’s founder, Mullah Yaqoob, has been appointed as a second deputy to the new Taliban chief.