伊拉克总理：摩苏尔行动进展超过预期

伊拉克总理阿巴迪表示，从伊斯兰国手中收复摩苏尔的行动进展比预期要快得多。

阿巴迪是在巴黎与西方和中东国家外长会晤时说的这番话，这次会议讨论了把伊斯兰国极端组织从摩苏尔赶走后应该如何恢复和平与稳定。

美国国防部宣布，一名美国军人在伊拉克北部的一次炸弹爆炸中丧生， 但目前还不清楚这次爆炸是否与摩苏尔行动有关。

星期三，负责联军伊拉克地面作战的美国将领呼吁进攻摩苏尔的伊拉克军队不要 “急于求成，给敌人可乘之机”。

Iraqi PM: Mosul Operation Going Faster than Expected

Iraq’s prime minister, Haider al-Abadi, says the operation to retake Mosul from Islamic State is going much faster than expected.

He spoke in Paris where foreign ministers from Western and Middle Eastern nations have been meeting to discuss how to restore peace and stability once the Islamic State group is ousted from Mosul.

The Pentagon announced that a U.S. service member was killed in a blast northern Iraq but it was unclear if the incident was linked to the Mosul operation

On Wednesday, the U.S. general running the coalition ground campaign in Iraq urged Iraqi forces fighting for Mosul not to "go so fast that they start to give opportunity to the enemy."

美国：未收到菲律宾正式通知

美国官员说，菲律宾总统杜特尓特宣布与美国“分手”，但美国未收到马尼拉的正式通知。

白宫发言人舒尔茨说：“我们没有收到菲律宾官方要修改任何双边合作领域议题的要求。”

国务院发言人柯比说，“杜特尓特的声明不符合美菲两国政府与民间多层次的紧密关系，而不仅是安全层面。”他说：“我们会要求菲律宾方面对杜特尓特总统提出的和美国分手一说做出解释。“

美国国务院说，助理国务卿拉塞尔将于本周六到下周二对马尼拉进行访问。柯比说，这次访问是早就安排好的。

菲律宾总统杜特尓特在北京同中国领导人举行高层会谈后宣布，在军事和经济领域与美国分手。

US Received No Formal Notice from Philippines

American officials say they have gotten no formal notice from Manila following Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's announcement of a "separation" from the United States.

"We have not received any official requests from Filipino officials to alter any of our many issues where we bilaterally cooperate," White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters.

"It is inexplicably at odds with the very close relationship that we have with the Filipino people, as well as the government there on many different levels, not just from a security perspective," said State Department spokesman John Kirby. "We are going to be seeking an explanation of exactly what the president meant when he talked about separation from the U.S."

The State Department said Assistant Secretary Daniel Russel would visit Manila from Saturday through Tuesday. Kirby called the trip a a "long-scheduled, long-planned" visit.

Following high-level talks with Chinese leaders in Beijing, the Philippine leader announced a military and economic separation from the United States.