巴黎恐袭嫌疑人从比利时引渡至法国

比利时检察官说，他们已经把恐怖分子嫌疑人阿布德斯兰交给法国。阿布德斯兰是去年11月13日巴黎恐怖袭击的关键嫌疑人，有130人在那次袭击中丧生。

比利时联邦检察官办公室星期三在一份声明中说，比利时当天稍早已经根据3月19日欧洲颁发的逮捕令，将阿布德斯兰送交法国当局。

上个星期四，比利时当局以企图谋杀罪对阿布德斯兰提出起诉，此案与上个月在布鲁塞尔福雷区的枪击事件有关。当时，警察在调查一个疑似激进分子藏身处的时候爆发了枪战，四名警官受伤，一名阿尔及利亚嫌疑人被打死。调查人员在现场发现了阿布德斯兰的指纹，三天后将他逮捕。

阿布德斯兰告诉调查人员说，他曾负责巴黎袭击的后勤保障，11月13日原计划在巴黎一个体育场发动自杀爆炸袭击，最后时刻改变了主意。

阿布德斯兰的律师证实，他的委托人的确承认，巴黎恐怖袭击时他人在巴黎，但是没有提供更多细节。

Paris Attack Suspect Transferred From Belgium to France

Belgian prosecutors say they have handed over to France terror suspect Salah Abdeslam, who is alleged to be a key player in the November 13 terrorist attacks in Paris that killed 130 people.

The Belgian Federal Prosecutor's Office said in a statement Wednesday that Abdeslam was delivered to French authorities earlier in the day, on a March 19 European arrest warrant.

Last Thursday, Belgian authorities charged Abdeslam with attempted murder linked to a shootout in the Brussels district of Forest last month. Police were investigating a suspected militant safe house when the gunfight broke out. Four police officers were injured and an Algerian suspect was killed. Investigators found Abdeslam's fingerprints at the scene and he was arrested three days later.

Abdeslam has told investigators that he arranged logistics for the Paris attacks and had planned to blow himself up at a sports stadium in the city on November 13, but change his mind at the last minute.

Without giving further details, Abdeslam's lawyer has confirmed that his client had admitted being in Paris during the attacks.

巴布亚新几内亚将关闭澳拘留中心

巴布亚新几内亚说，将关闭北部马努斯岛的寻求避难者拘留中心。

巴布亚新几内亚总理奥尼尔星期三发表声明，宣布关闭这一拘留中心。一天前，这个太平洋岛国的最高法院判定，马努斯岛拘留中心违宪。目前，这个澳大利亚拘留中心里有800多名寻求避难者。

奥尼尔说，被视为“合法难民”的被拘留者如愿意“成为我们社会的组成部分并为其做贡献”，就欢迎他们留在巴布亚新几内亚。

澳大利亚移民部部长达顿星期二说，马努斯拘留中心的任何人都不准定居澳大利亚，他们要么回国，要么去第3国定居。

Papua New Guinea to Shutdown Australia Detention Camp

Papua New Guinea says it will close a detention center for asylum seekers on its northern island of Manus.

Prime Minister Peter O'Neill announced the center's closure in a statement Wednesday, one day after the Pacific island's Supreme Court ruled that Australia's detention of more than 800 asylum seekers at the Manus camp is unconstitutional.

O'Neill said any of the detainees considered to be "legitimate refugees" are welcome to remain in Papua New Guinea if they wish "to be a part of our society and make a contribution to our community."

Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said Tuesday that none of the detainees at the Manus facility will be resettled in Australia -- they must either return to their home country or settle in a third country.