美国投资两亿 缩短器官移植等候时间

美国政府说，将投资2亿美元，用于缩短人体器官移植的等候时间，其中包括一个提高人体组织修复技术的项目。

这项计划由国防部牵头实施，集中利用政府、大学、企业和非营利组织的资金和技术。

该计划包括投资1.6亿多美元的政府和民间资金，创建先进组织生物制造创新研究所，研制开发人体组织的制造技术。

此外，该计划还将为一些小型企业提供资金，研究如何改善保存人体器官和组织的方法，为器官移植提供更长的时间。

白宫官员说，目前美国有超过12万人在等候器官捐献，其中大部分人需要肾脏。

US Invests $200 Million to Reduce Organ Transplant Wait Time

The U.S. government says it is investing $200 million to help reduce the wait time for organ transplants, including a program to advance the science of tissue repair.

The investment, led by the Defense Department, brings together funds and expertise from the government, universities, companies and non-profits.

The plan includes more than $160 million in public and private funding to create the Advanced Tissue Biofabrication Manufacturing Innovation Institute, which will help develop ways of fabricating tissue.

Grants will also be given to small businesses that are trying to improve organ and tissue preservation to allow more time for transplantation.

White House officials say more than 120,000 people in the United States are on a donor waiting list, with the vast majority of those needing a kidney.

联合国谴责针对性取向的侵犯人权行为

联合国安理会首次发表声明，谴责针对男女同性恋者、双性恋者和跨性别者（LGBT）群体的暴力行为。

安理会星期一发表声明，对6月12日发生在佛罗里达州城市奥兰多的恐怖袭击案表示最强烈的谴责，并说凶手是根据性取向决定袭击目标。在这起枪击案中，有49人被打死，53人受伤。

据报道，安理会声明的措辞遭到了俄罗斯和埃及的抵制。在包括俄罗斯和埃及在内的70多个国家，LGBT的身份仍属非法。

2011年6月，联合国人权委员会第一次采纳决议案，对世界各地针对性取向和性认同的侵犯人权行为表示严重关切，并呼吁将世界各地针对性取向和性认同的歧视性法律和暴力行为记录在案。

UN Acknowledges Human Rights Violation Against LGBT Community

For the first time the U.N. Security Council has used language acknowledging violence targeting the LGBT community in an official statement.

The statement released by the Council Monday said "The members of the Security Council condemned in the strongest terms the terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida on 12 June 2016, targeting persons as a result of their sexual orientation, during which 49 people were killed and 53 injured."

The language was reportedly met with resistance from Russia and Egypt, two of more than 70 nations in which LGBT status is still criminalized.

A first resolution, adopted by the UNHRC in June 2011, expressed "grave concern at acts of violence and discrimination, in all regions of the world, committed against individuals because of their sexual orientation and gender identity."

It also called for study to document discriminatory laws, practices, and acts of violence based on sexual orientation and gender identity around the world.