也门总统免除总理

阿拉伯媒体说，也门总统哈迪罢免了总理兼副总统巴哈的职务。在也门政府发生重大人事变动之际，与得到伊朗支持的胡塞激进分子的和谈将于本月晚些时候举行，和谈是在联合国的斡旋下进行的。

也门国家电视台星期日报道说，哈迪任命陆军将领阿马尔接任副总统，并任命议员达赫尔继任总理职务。

直到星期一凌晨，哈迪一直没有对政府高层变动做出公开解释。但据也门和国际媒体报道，哈迪和巴哈围绕结束旷日持久内战的战术策略存在严重分歧。

去年12月 ，巴哈反对哈迪在未同自己磋商之前改组政府，此举使两人的分歧公开化。

分析人士说，哈迪持强硬立场，而巴哈则主张通过政治途径解决国内冲突。

Yemen President Fires PM

Arab news outlets say Yemen President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi dismissed his prime minister and vice president, Khaled Bahah, in a major government shakeup ahead of United Nations-brokered peace talks with Iran-backed Houthi militants later this month.

Yemen state television, reporting Sunday, said Hadi had replaced Bahah with army General Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar as the government's new vice president. He also appointed lawmaker Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr as prime minister.

The president had offered no public explanations for the moves by early Monday. But Yemeni and other international media have reported simmering differences between Hadi and Bahah over tactics and strategies for ending the country's protracted civil war.

Those differences exploded into public view in December when Bahah rejected the president's move to reshuffle the government without first consulting with him.

Unlike the more hardline Hadi, analysts have described Bahah as favoring a political settlement to the conflict.

美国无人机 在伊拉克击毙曾杀害海军陆战队员的伊斯兰国武装分子

美国军方星期天表示，在伊拉克实施的一次无人机空袭，打死了一名据信对上个月一次火箭袭击事件负责的伊斯兰国战斗人员。那次袭击事件造成一名美国海军陆战队队员丧生。

美国领导的打击伊斯兰国激进分子军事行动的发言人沃伦上校表示，无人机袭击击毙了贾西姆·哈迪贾，以及其他5名伊斯兰国战斗人员。哈迪贾据称是一名前伊拉克官员和火箭专家。

沃伦上校表示，对伊拉克北部马克穆尔地区一处美军炮兵阵地发动的火箭袭击，是由哈迪贾操作实施的。那次袭击导致路易斯·卡丁上士丧生，另外8名海军陆战队员受伤。

卡丁上士是美国打击伊斯兰国的军事行动2014年开始以来，第二名阵亡的美国军人。

US Drone in Iraq Kills IS Fighter Linked to Marine's Death

The U.S. military said Sunday one of its drones in Iraq has killed an Islamic State fighter it believes was responsible for a missile attack last month that killed a U.S. Marine.

A spokesman for the U.S.-led operations against the militants, Colonel Steve Warren, said the drone attack killed Jasim Khadijah, described as a former Iraqi officer and "a rocket expert," and five other Islamic State fighters.

Warren said Khadijah had controlled the Islamic State rocket attack that killed Staff Sergeant Louis Cardin and wounded eight other Marines at an artillery position in the Makhmur area of northern Iraq.

Cardin was the second U.S. combat death since the start of a U.S. campaign to fight Islamic State in Iraq in 2014.​