埃及航空巴黎飞往开罗班机失踪

希腊和埃及的搜救人员正在寻找埃及航空公司一架失踪客机，这架班机星期四从巴黎飞往开罗途中失踪，机上有66名乘客和机组人员。

埃及航空公司说，在开罗时间凌晨2时30分与这架空客A320客机失去联络，当时该班机的飞行高度约为1万1278米，刚刚进入埃及领空16公里左右。目前还不清楚班机失踪的原因，但民航官员说，这架客机可能已经坠毁。

埃及航空证实，在与这架班机失联之前，埃及军方曾收到求救信号。但埃及军方发言人在脸书上发表声明，对此予以否认。

这架班机上有56名乘客，包括一名儿童和两名婴儿。沙特官员说，机上乘客来自法国、英国、埃及、伊拉克、科威特、沙特、苏丹、乍得、葡萄牙、阿尔及利亚和加拿大。据报机上没有美国乘客。

航空专家再三重申，目前了解的情况太少，还不能下任何结论。

Egypt Air Flight From Paris to Cairo Missing

Greek and Egyptian crews are searching for a missing Egypt Air flight that disappeared Thursday en route to Cairo from Paris with 66 passengers and crew on board.

The carrier said that it lost contact with Flight MS804 at 2:30am Cairo time, when the Airbus A320 was at an altitude of about 11,278 meters and approximately 16 kilometers inside Egyptian airspace. The cause of the plane's disappearance was not immediately clear, but airline officials said the aircraft may have crashed.

The airline stated that Egyptian armed forces received a distress message before communication with the plane was lost; however, a military spokesman posted on his Facebook page a statement denying a distress call had been received.

Fifty-six passengers were on board, including one child and two infants. Saudi officials say the flight included passengers from France, Britain, Egypt, Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Chad, Portugal, Algeria and Canada. No U.S. citizens were reported among the missing.

Aviation experts are reiterating that at this point too little is known to draw any conclusions.

美国对伊斯兰国的网络战取得进展

数月来，美国政府的黑客一直把注意力集中在伊斯兰国恐怖组织身上，试图将这个所谓“哈里发国”从网络空间清除出去，就像美国及联盟的战机试图消灭伊斯兰国一样。但一些参与人员承认，目前还不清楚这一网络行动的有效性。

美国军方和情报部门官员担心，伊斯兰国在网络战中可能也像在地面战斗中那样，具有很强的恢复能力和适应性。

美国国家情报总监克拉珀星期三在华盛顿发表讲话时说，目前这一行动有所进展。

他说，我们正在取得经验，随着进一步的推进，将能对情况做出更准确的评估。

到目前为止，美国官员在公开谈论针对伊斯兰国的网络行动时都很谨慎，但国防部长卡特2月底曾表示，首要任务是干扰和切断伊斯兰国的指挥和控制系统。

Cyber War Versus Islamic State ‘Work in Progress’

For months now, U.S. government hackers have been setting their sights on the Islamic State terror group, intent on wiping the self-declared caliphate from cyberspace much like U.S. and coalition aircraft have sought to wipe it from the face of the earth. Yet, some of those helping to lead the virtual charge admit it is not yet clear just how effective the cyber efforts have been.

Reinforcing the concerns is a sense, from both military and intelligence officials, that Islamic State may well prove to be as resilient and adaptable in the virtual battle space as it has been on the physical battlefield.

“It’s working well,” U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told an audience Wednesday during a speech in Washington, adding, “It’s kind of a work in progress.”

“I think we’re learning from this experience, having a real live operation,” he said. “As we progress further we’ll be able to make a more definitive assessment.”

U.S. officials have, so far, been careful in talking publicly about what U.S. cyber operations against Islamic State entail, though Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in late February a top priority would be “to interrupt, disrupt ISIL's command and control.”