奥巴马和共和党人开会讨论最高法院席位空缺问题

美国总统奥巴马星期二将同参议院共和党领袖会面，讨论他计划提名联邦最高法院大法官人选的问题。

大法官斯卡利亚上个月去世后，由9名大法官组成的联邦最高法院出现一个空缺。但是共和党人说，奥巴马不该在他任期最后一年提名终身制大法官，而是应该留给下一任总统。

参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔和司法委员会主席格拉斯利在前往白宫会晤奥巴马之前表示，他们准备重申这一主张。

美国副总统拜登、参议院少数党领袖里德以及莱希参议员将与奥巴马总统一起参加会面。

白宫发言人欧内斯特星期一说，奥巴马总统愿意展开讨论，但是共和党的立场“让他很难与之进行建设性交流”。他说，联邦最高法院正受到“公然政治化”的威胁。

Obama, Republicans to Meet on Supreme Court Vacancy

U.S. President Barack Obama is hosting Senate Republican leaders Tuesday to discuss his planned appointment to the Supreme Court.

The nine-member court has an opening following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last month. But Republicans have said Obama should not make an appointment to the lifetime position in his final year in office, instead leaving that to whomever is the next president.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said ahead of the White House meeting they intend to reiterate that message.

Obama will be joined by fellow Democrats Vice President Joe Biden, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and Senator Patrick Leahy.

White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday the president is open to discussion, but that the Republican position "makes it hard for him to engage constructively." He said the court is at risk of being "blatantly politicized."

超级星期二初选前夕 希拉里和川普居领先地位

本周二是美国总统竞选至今最重要的一天，参选人要在13个州的初选中展开较量。在民调中落后的参选人希望在这天的初选中有重大斩获，追上以两位数领先的竞争对手。

星期二对共和党参选人川普意义重大，他此前已连续在3场初选中获胜，并在参加所谓“超级星期二”的10个州的民调中居领先地位。川普只在德克萨斯州落后于来自该州的联邦参议员克鲁兹。

超级星期二的看点不在于川普能拿下几个州，而在于克鲁兹和佛罗里达州联邦参议员鲁比奥的表现如何。

在民主党方面，美国有线电视新闻网和民意研究公司星期一公布的联合民调结果显示，前国务卿希拉里·克林顿对佛蒙特州联邦参议员桑德斯的领先优势扩大到了55%比38%。到目前为止，希拉里·克林顿获得的民主党代表票数也远远超过桑德斯。

Hillary and Trump Ahead Going into Super Tuesday

The race to be the next president of the United States has its most important day so far Tuesday as candidates compete in 13 states. Those trailing in polls hope to make major moves to catch a pair of frontrunners who lead by double digits.

Tuesday is hugely important for Republicans with businessman Donald Trump riding a three-state winning streak and favored in 10 of the so-called "Super Tuesday" states. Trump trails only in the southern state of Texas, where Senator Ted Cruz hopes to capture his home turf.

The key will not be how many states Trump wins, but how well Cruz and fellow Senator Marco Rubio perform.

In the Democratic race, a CNN/ORC poll released Monday showed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton widening her national lead over Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders at 55 to 38 percent. Clinton also has a huge lead in the Democratic delegates awarded so far.