奥巴马宣布禁止单独监禁未成年囚犯

美国总统奥巴马对联邦监狱系统实施改革，包括禁止单独监禁未成年犯人，同时也限制对成年囚犯的单独监禁。

华盛顿邮报星期一晚间发表了奥巴马的一篇评论文章说，美国有多达10万名囚犯被单独监禁，而这种处罚方式可能带来极其严重和持久的心理后果。

美国有将近20万所联邦监狱。奥巴马说，禁止对未成年囚犯和轻罪囚犯实行单独监禁将使1万人获益。

Obama Bans Solitary Confinement for Juveniles

U.S. President Barack Obama has adopted reforms to the federal prison system that include banning solitary confinement for juvenile prisoners and limiting when it can be used for adults.

In an opinion piece posted late Monday by The Washington Post, Obama said there are as many as 100,000 people in solitary confinement in the U.S. and that the practice brings potential "devastating, lasting psychological consequences."

There are nearly 200,000 federal prisoners, and Obama said eliminating solitary confinement for juveniles and those who commit low-level offenses while incarcerated will affect 10,000 people.

民主党总统参选人在爱奥华州的市民大会上论战

美国民主党3位总统参选人星期一晚上在爱奥华州向选民们阐述自己的观点。从下周起，爱奥华州党团会议将启动历时数月的2016年民主党总统候选人的党内提名程序。

在美国有线电视新闻网主持的市民大会上，前国务卿希拉里·克林顿表示，她是“经过证明的斗士”，并强调自己作为奥巴马总统内阁成员的经验。她说，军事行动应该是最后的选择，虽然外交手段的效果“缓慢”和“乏味”，但应提倡首先运用外交手段。

希拉里·克林顿还对共和党呼声最高的总统参选人川普有关穆斯林的言论提出批评，称这些言论具有排斥性和侮辱性，有悖于美国的价值观。她表示，保卫美国意味着确保穆斯林“同我们站在一起”。

US Democratic Candidates Make Iowa Pitch in Town Hall

The three Democrats who want to be the next president of the United States made pitch Monday night to voters in Iowa, where next week the state's caucus kicks off the months-long process of selecting the party's 2016 nominee.

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told a town hall event hosted by CNN she is a "proven fighter" and highlighted her experience as a member of President Barack Obama's Cabinet. She said military action should be used as a last resort, and instead promoted using diplomacy even though it is "slow" and "boring."

Clinton also took aim at Republican front-runner Donald Trump's comments about Muslims, calling them dismissive, insulting and contrary to American values. She said protecting the country means ensuring Muslims "are with us."