叙利亚难民在德国携炸弹爆炸身亡，12人受伤

德国官员说，星期天，在纽伦堡附近的巴伐利亚城镇安斯巴赫的音乐节附近，一名叙利亚移民在其携带的炸弹爆炸时丧生。12人在爆炸中受伤。

有关当局说，这次爆炸是“蓄意”所为，这名男子在星期天爆炸之前曾多次试图自杀。

去年，他的庇护申请被驳回，但是被暂时允许留在德国。

爆炸导致参加音乐节的2000多人被疏散。

星期天早些时候，在斯图加特附近的西南城市罗伊特林根，一名叙利亚难民手持砍刀，砍死一名妇女，砍伤两人。

上周五，一名18岁伊朗裔德国人在慕尼黑开枪打死9人，德国仍处于紧张不安之中。

Syrian Refugee Killed in Blast in Germany, 12 Wounded

A Syrian migrant was killed when a bomb he was carrying exploded Sunday near a music festival in the Bavarian town of Ansbach, near Nuremberg, officials say. Twelve people were wounded in the blast.

Authorities say the explosion was "intentional" and that the man had tried to commit suicide a few times before Sunday's explosion.

He was denied asylum last year, but was allowed to remain in Germany temporarily.

The blast prompted the evacuation of more than 2,000 people from the music festival.

Earlier Sunday, a machete-wielding Syrian refugee killed a woman and wounded two other people in an attack in the southwestern city of Reutlingen, near Stuttgart.

Germany is still on edge after the killing of nine people by an 18-year-old Iranian-German gunman in Munich Friday.

美电商Verizon将宣布50亿美元收购雅虎

美国电信运营商Verizon准备周一宣布以大约50亿美元收购雅虎的搜索引擎及网络广告工具。

曾经帮助世界上众多用户认识互联网的雅虎公司今年2月宣布将为它的互联网核心业务寻找“战略性替代方案”。

过去几年，雅虎一直在努力赶上网络广告生态变化的步伐。但一些分析人士提出，它在市场上已经无关紧要了。

玛丽莎·梅耶尔（Marissa Mayer）2012年离开谷歌就任雅虎首席执行官，她在让公司转亏为盈方面收效甚微。上星期，雅虎通报说它第二季度损失了4.4亿美元。

据报雅虎的收购价格远低于它在互联网泡沫时期的高峰市价1250亿美元。2008年，微软曾试图以440亿美元收购雅虎，但遭到雅虎拒绝。

Verizon的收购计划可以使雅虎把其主要资产从它在中国网络巨头阿里巴巴所持股份中剥离出来，这笔资产占雅虎370亿美元市场价的一大部分，同时可以使Verizon把雅虎和它收购的美国在线合并起来组成一个集团，与谷歌和脸书这类公司抗衡。

收购预计在星期一美国金融市场开市前宣布。

Verizon to Announce $5B Deal to Buy Yahoo

U.S. telecom giant Verizon Communications is set announce on Monday plans to buy Yahoo's search and advertising operations for about $5 billion.

Yahoo, which introduced many users around the world to the Internet, announced in February that it was looking at "strategic alternatives" for its core Internet business.

Over the last few years Yahoo has struggled to keep up with the changing Internet advertising landscape, with some analysts arguing that it has failed to remain relevant.

Chief executive Marissa Mayer, who came from Google to take the helm in 2012, has made little progress in returning the company to profit. Last week the firm reported a $440 million loss in the second quarter.

The reported price tag for the deal is well below the firm's $125 billion market value at the height of the dot.com boom. In 2008, Yahoo spurned a $44 billion bid from Microsoft.

The deal would allow Yahoo to separate its main assets from its holdings in Chinese Internet giant Alibaba, which accounts for most of Yahoo's $37 billion market value. It will also allow Verizon to integrate Yahoo with another online acquisition, AOL, to create a digital group capable of taking on the likes of Google and Facebook.

The sale is expected to be announced Monday before the U.S. financial markets open.