国际法院准备受理环境犯罪案件

国际刑事法院说，它将开始集中审理与破坏环境、违法开采自然资源以及非法剥夺土地有关的犯罪。

这个设在海牙的由联合国支持的法院自2002年成立以来，审理的大多是有关种族灭绝和战争罪的案件。

国际刑事法院星期四说，政府和个人都可能因破坏环境和强占土地而以危害人类罪受到起诉。国际刑事法院的这一举措受到了土地维权人士的广泛称赞。

该法院得到多国政府资助，被看作是终审法院。它说，它现在将考虑受理一些一直以来起诉率偏低的案件。

过去10年，由于国家和地方政府把千万公顷土地分配給私人公司，强占土地的情况在全球各地日益普遍。

反腐活动组织“全球见证”说，这个局面导致众多强制拆迁，土著人文化灭绝，营养不良以及环境破坏的情况发生。

“全球见证”的哈里森对路透社说：国际刑事法院的举措意味着，它现在可以开始让企业老板为在和平时期所造成的大面积强占土地和人民大规模流离失所的情况承担责任了。

International Court to Prosecute Environmental Crimes

The International Criminal Court has said it will start to focus on crimes linked to environmental destruction, the illegal exploitation of natural resources and unlawful dispossession of land.

The United Nations-backed court, which sits in The Hague, has mostly ruled on cases of genocide and war crimes since it was set up in 2002.

Now, in a move widely hailed by land rights activists, the court said Thursday environmental destruction and landgrabs could lead to governments and individuals being prosecuted for crimes against humanity.

The court, which is funded by governments and is regarded as the court of last resort, said it would now take on crimes into consideration that have been traditionally under-prosecuted.

Land-grabbing has become increasingly common worldwide, with national and local governments allocating private companies tens of millions of hectares of land in the past 10 years.

The anti-corruption campaigners Global Witness say this has led to many forced evictions, the cultural genocide of indigenous peoples, malnutrition and environmental destruction.

"This shift means it can start holding corporate executives to account for large-scale land grabbing and massive displacement happening during peace time," Alice Harrison of Global Witness told Reuters.

川普改弦易辙，承认奥巴马生于美国

共和党总统候选人川普，至少是他的竞选团队，星期四承认，他认为奥巴马总统的确生于美国。多年来，他一直质疑奥巴马的国籍。

川普的竞选团队在一份声明中把奥巴马被迫公开其出生证一事归功于川普，因为他促使这个问题在奥巴马任内成为公众关注的焦点并最终得到解决。

川普竞选团队发言人米勒说：“毋庸置疑，川普使这个问题得到解决。”“在别人办不到的情况下，他成功地得到了奥巴马总统的出生证明，川普先生认为奥巴马的确生于美国。”

星期四稍早，希拉里·克林顿对川普支持所谓的“出生地运动”进行猛烈抨击。这是希拉里被诊断患有肺炎后首次出现在竞选活动中。上周日，她因健康问题被迫离开“九一一”周年纪念活动。克林顿引用华盛顿邮报星期四发表的一篇文章。文章称川普拒绝说明他是否认为奥巴马生于美国，并说他不再谈论这个问题。

克林顿敦促选民在11月的大选中“彻底”制止川普以及她所说的川普的偏执行为。

虽然川普在过去八年一再质疑奥巴马总统职位的合法性，并且为质疑其出生证真伪的阴谋论推波助澜，但是米勒指责克林顿才是这个问题的始作俑者。

米勒说：“克林顿2008年竞选总统时，她的竞选团队为了抹黑当时的候选人奥巴马首先提出了出生证的问题，克林顿低劣的竞选最后以失败告终。这种恶毒和狡诈的行为是克林顿管用的伎俩，但是同往常一样，由于她能力太差，这件事无疾而终。”

川普团队的声明直指2007年克林顿竞选团队的一份备忘录，以此证明克林顿在“出生地运动”中所发挥的作用。当时希拉里的首席策划人佩恩在备忘录中说，奥巴马“缺乏美国根基”，而且“他的思想和价值观基本上与美国格格不入”。

克林顿在推特上回应川普说：“奥巴马总统的继任者不可能，也不会是领导种族主义的“出生地运动”的人。”

克林顿过去就一直表示，有关她的竞选团队制造了奥巴马出生地问题一说是谣言。

Trump Reverses Course, Admits Obama Was Born in US

U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump - or, at least his campaign - admitted Thursday he believed President Barack Obama was actually born in the United States, after years of questioning the president’s citizenship.

The Trump campaign, in a statement, credited Trump with forcing Obama to release his birth certificate and bringing closure to an issue he helped bring into the spotlight over the course of Obama’s presidency.

“Inarguably, Donald J. Trump is a closer,” spokesman Jason Miller said. “Having successfully obtained President Obama’s birth certificate when others could not, Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the United States.”

Earlier in the day Thursday, Hillary Clinton, at her first campaign event since she was diagnosed with pneumonia and forced to leave a September 11 memorial event Sunday with health issues, tore into Trump for his support of the so-called “birther movement.” She referenced a Washington Post story published Thursday in which Trump refused to say whether he believes Obama was born in America, and said he does not talk about the issue anymore.

Clinton urged voters to "conclusively" stop Trump, and what she calls his bigotry, in the November election.

While Trump has repeatedly questioned the validity of Obama’s presidency over the past eight years and fed into conspiracy theories over the authenticity of his birth certificate, Miller blamed Clinton for raising the issue in the first place.

"Hillary Clinton’s campaign first raised this issue to smear then-candidate Barack Obama in her very nasty, failed 2008 campaign for president. This type of vicious and conniving behavior is straight from the Clinton playbook. As usual, however, Hillary Clinton was too weak to get an answer."

The Trump statement pointed to a 2007 Clinton campaign memo in which chief strategist Mark Penn said Obama had a “lack of American roots” and not “fundamentally American in his thinking and values” as proof of Clinton’s role in the birther movement.

Clinton responded to Trump on Twitter by saying, “President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.”

Clinton has, in the past, denied claims that her campaign started the rumors about Obama’s birthplace.