教宗前往古巴 进行历史性“私人会谈”

罗马天主教教宗方济各启程前往墨西哥，出访期间将在古巴停留，与俄罗斯东正教大牧首基里尔举行历史性会晤。

基里尔大牧首目前正在古巴进行正式访问。梵蒂冈上星期宣布，教宗将在哈瓦那的何塞·马蒂国际机场与基里尔大牧首进行“私人谈话”，并将签署一项联合声明。目前尚未公布声明的具体内容。

星期五的会晤将开创历史先河，双方希望借此弥合东西方两大基督教派间的千年裂痕。

这两大教派的分裂始于1054年，后因天主教教宗的至高地位和俄罗斯东正教指责天主教试图让俄罗斯东正教徒皈依天主教等问题持续恶化。

Pope Heads to Cuba for Historic 'Personal Conversation'

Pope Francis, head of the Roman Catholic Church, has embarked on a trip that will take him to Mexico, with a stop in Cuba for a historic meeting with the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Kirill.

Kirill is in Cuba for a state visit. The Holy See announced last week that Pope Francis will make a stop at Havana's José Martí International airport to have a "personal conversation" with the patriarch and sign a joint declaration. Details of the declaration have not been made public.

The Friday meeting is the first of its kind; an effort to heal the 1,000-year-old schism that has divided Christianity between East and West.

The split between the two churches since 1054 has festered over issues such as the primacy of the pope and accusations by the Russian Orthodox church that the Catholic Church is trying to poach converts in Russia.

委内瑞拉最高法院批准授予总统紧急权力

委内瑞拉最高法院做出裁决，认定马杜罗总统申请特别权力，以防止发生经济危机的要求是合法的。不过，委内瑞拉议会对马杜罗的这一举动提出了批评。

委内瑞拉最高法院星期四说，马杜罗发布政令，在60天内扩大总统在经济领域的权限，这种做法符合法律的规定。法院表示，反对派议员没有遵守抵制这项举措的正当程序。

马杜罗要求最高法院授予他紧急权力，接管私有公司资源，实施货币管制，并采用“其他被认为恰当的社会、经济和政治措施”，以遏制不断深化的经济危机。

委内瑞拉政府说，采取这一举措是为了刺激生产，但反对派指责政府过份扩大权限。

Venezuelan Supreme Court Approves Emergency Powers for President

Venezuela's Supreme Court has ruled that President Nicolas Maduro's request for special powers to stave off an economic emergency is legal, despite criticism from the country's legislature.

The court ruled Thursday that Maduro's decree granting the president expanded authority over the economy for 60 days is legitimate. The court said opposition lawmakers did not follow the correct procedures for opposing the measure.

Maduro had asked the court for emergency powers to counteract the country's deep economic crisis by taking over the resources of private companies, imposing currency controls, and using "other social, economic, or political measures deemed fitting."

The government says the move is an attempt to stimulate production, but the opposition accuses the government of extending the reach of its power too far.