朝鲜被制裁的影响

韩国工人开始撤离设于朝鲜境内的开城工业园区。此前，韩国因平壤最近进行核试验及试射火箭而对其实施新制裁。

首尔星期三宣布，将暂停在开城工业园区内的全部运作，以惩罚金正恩政府第4次进行核试验以及最近进行的远程导弹试射。

朝鲜官方通讯社朝中社报道说，平壤星期四对首尔的这一举措做出反应，宣布开城工业园区为军事控制区。朝鲜还说，将立即驱逐所有韩国公民，并冻结韩国公司在该园区的资产。平壤宣称，园区停工就是“宣战”。

平壤还表示，将切断南北之间两条至关重要的跨境通讯热线。

North Korea Sanctions Impact

South Korean workers have begun their pullout from the Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea following new sanctions imposed on Pyongyang for its recent nuclear and rocket tests.

On Wednesday Seoul announced it would suspend all activities at the industrial zone to punish the Kim Jong Un government for its fourth nuclear test and latest long range missile launch.

Pyongyang reacted to Seoul’s announcement Thursday by declaring the industrial park a military control zone according the North’s official KCNA news agency. North Korea also said it would immediately deport all South Korean nationals, freeze the assets of companies operating there, and called the shut down a "declaration of war."

The North also said it was shutting down two crucial cross-border communications hotlines.

人权观察:乌克兰冲突双方都曾袭击并利用学校

人权观察星期四说，乌克兰冲突双方都不加区别地袭击学校，这样做可以等同于战争罪。

人权观察发表题为《在战火下学习》的报告，记录了乌克兰军队和由俄罗斯支持的乌克兰反政府武装袭击学校，把学校用于军事目的，包括在校园或附近地区驻扎军队或存放武器。

撰写这份报告的人权观察研究员戈尔布诺娃说，这种行为在乌克兰东部广泛存在。

乌克兰教育部提供的一份报告里的数据显示，从2014年4月到2015年11月，乌克兰政府控制地区有119所学校和幼儿园受到战火破坏。

反政府武装报告说，在其控制区内，同一时期有将近900所学校遭到破坏。

戈尔布诺娃说，乌克兰政府和反政府武装都愿意就人权观察的调查结果进行讨论。

人权观察敦促乌克兰双方采取具体行动，不再把学校用做军事目的。

HRW: Both Sides in Ukraine Conflict Targeted, Used Schools

Human Rights Watch said Thursday that both sides in the conflict in Ukraine have indiscriminately attacked schools, which could amount to a war crime.

In a report entitled “Studying Under Fire,” the rights group documented how both the Ukrainian military and Russian-backed rebels have carried out attacks on schools and used them for military purposes, including basing troops or weapons in or near schools.

Yulia Gorbunova, the HRW researcher who authored the report, said this happened on a wide scale in eastern Ukraine.

According to data in the report provided by the Ukrainian Ministry of Education, 119 schools and kindergartens in its areas were damaged in fighting between April 2014 and November 2015. De facto rebel authorities reported damage to nearly 900 schools in their areas during the same period.

HRW’s Gorbunova said both the government and rebels are open to discussions about the right’s group’s findings.

HRW urged both sides to take concrete actions to deter the military use of schools.