联合国安理会将投票表决对朝鲜实施新制裁

联合国安理会预计星期三投票表决对朝鲜实施新的制裁，目的是切断朝鲜核武器和弹道导弹项目的资金。

很少参加安理会投票的联合国秘书长潘基文可能在会议上讲话。

以前的安理会决议要求朝鲜放弃核武器项目，不再进行核实验或发射弹道导弹。但是朝鲜过去十年里一再无视联合国决议，包括九月份刚进行的一次核试验。

新的制裁将包括限制朝鲜煤炭出口。一位美国官员说，这项制裁将把朝鲜最大的外汇收入来源减少60%，相当于每年7亿美元。

制裁还包括铜、镍、银和锌等金属出口，这些金属出口每年给朝鲜赚取1亿多美元。

约11名朝鲜官员和10个机构由于参与核武器和弹道导弹项目也将被补充列入禁止旅行和财产冻结的名单上。

制裁的目标还包括朝鲜领导人金正恩和其他官员热衷的奢侈品进口，禁止价格500美元以上的地毯和装饰布料，价格100美元以上的瓷器餐具。

美国、韩国、中国、俄罗斯、日本与朝鲜举行的六方会谈目的是要朝鲜停止核武器项目来换取援助，但是六方会谈在2009年破裂。

UN Security Council to Vote on New North Korea Sanctions

The United Nations Security Council is set to vote Wednesday on new sanctions against North Korea aimed at cutting off funding for its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.

The session is expected to include remarks from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who rarely attends council votes.

Previous Security Council resolutions have demanded North Korea abandon its nuclear weapons program and not conduct any nuclear tests or launches of ballistic missiles. But North Korea has repeatedly defied the world body during the past decade, including with its latest nuclear test in September.

The new sanctions would include capping North Korea's coal exports, which a U.S. official said would amount to cutting the country's single largest source of external revenue by 60 percent, or as much as $700 million per year.

There would also be a ban on exports of certain metals such as copper, nickel, silver and zinc that bring North Korea more than $100 million a year.

Some 11 North Korean officials and 10 entities involved in the nuclear and ballistic missile programs would be added to the list of those designated for travel bans and asset freezes.

The measure also targets imported luxury goods favored by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and other officials, banning carpets and tapestries worth more than $500 and fine china and porcelain tableware valued at more than $100.

The U.S. and South Korea joined with China, Russia, Japan and North Korea in six-party talks aimed at curbing the North Korean nuclear weapons program in exchange for aid, but those negotiations broke down in 2009.

土耳其宿舍火灾致12人丧生

土耳其南部一所学校发生火灾，导致12人丧生，其中包括11名少女，并造成22人受伤。

这场火灾星期二夜间发生在土耳其南部阿达纳省的一个女生宿舍。火灾原因不明，也不清楚伤者当中有多少是儿童。

阿达纳省长马赫穆特·德米尔塔斯告诉国营阿纳托卢通讯社说，一些受伤的学生是受到浓烟的侵害，还有一些伤者是试图逃出着火建筑的时候受伤。

土耳其电视台的画面显示，一座多层建筑上火焰熊熊，消防队员正在奋力灭火。

土耳其政府官员表示，土耳其副总理凯纳克，内政部长索伊卢以及国家教育部长伊尔马兹等官员正在赶往阿达纳省。

Dormitory Fire Kills 12 in Turkey

A fire at a school in southern Turkey has killed 12, including 11 teenage girls, and injured 22 others.

The fire broke out in a girls dormitory late Tuesday in the southern province of Adana. The cause of the fire was unknown, and it was not clear how many of the injured were children.

Adana Governor Mahmut Demirtas told the state-run Anadolu agency some of the injured students were affected by the smoke and some of them had been hurt trying to escape from the burning building.

Turkish television showed flames rising from a multiple-story building and firefighters battling the blaze.

Turkish government officials said Deputy Prime Minister Veysi Kaynak, Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu, National Education Minister Ismet Yilmaz and others were headed to Adana.