俄罗斯欢迎川普胜选 希望改善俄美关系

俄罗斯热烈欢迎唐纳德·川普当选为美国总统。俄罗斯政府官员，分析人士和普通民众都对俄美关系能掀开新的篇章抱持审慎乐观的态度。俄罗斯分析人士说，至于川普以及他的竞选言论能否转化为现实，仍有很多未知数。

俄罗斯总统普京对川普表示祝贺，并说他希望与下届美国总统一道努力，让两国关系从当前危机中走出来。在莫斯科街头，多数俄罗斯人对川普胜选表示欢迎。

不过，俄罗斯媒体在竞选期间对川普的报道和赞扬抬高了人们对这位政治新手的预期值。他的胜利出乎预料，很多政策也还不明确。

不管有什么希望和预期，川普领导下的美国将掀开美俄关系的新篇章。

Russia Welcomes Trump Victory, Hopes for Better Relations

Russia warmly welcomed the U.S. presidential election victory of Donald Trump with officials, analysts, and ordinary citizens cautiously hoping it could turn a new page in relations between Russia and the United States. Russian analysts say there are still many unknowns about Trump and whether his campaign rhetoric will translate into policy.

A mock election organized by the U.S. Embassy in Moscow was quickly overtaken by startling results in the real presidential race.

Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated Trump, saying he hoped to work together with the next American president to lift relations out of the current crisis. On the streets of Moscow, Trump’s victory was welcomed by most Russians.

But Russian media coverage and praise for Trump during his campaign raised expectations for a man unknown to politics who was not supposed to win and whose policies are not yet clear.

Regardless of hopes and expectations, a U.S. led by Donald Trump begins a new chapter in relations with Russia.

激烈选战结束 权力交接开始

在经过漫长而艰难、且经常造成高度分化的总统竞选后，唐纳德∙川普当选为美国下一届总统。政权平稳过渡的工作已经展开，这是美国民主的根本基石。

在经过惨烈的政治竞争后，总统当选人唐纳德∙川普试图为重新凝聚国家而铺路。

希拉里∙克林顿也表示，愿意同川普一道，努力终结党派分裂局面，让政权顺利过渡。

奥巴马政府接下来将与川普的过渡团队合作，聘用包括下届政府内阁在内的新一届政府要员。现任总统奥巴马表示愿意与川普合作，以确保国家政权平稳交接。

总统政权交接将随着1月20日总统就职大典召开达到高潮，从那一天起，川普将正式成为美国总统。

Transition of Power Begins After Hard Fought US Election

American voters elected Donald Trump as the country's next president. After a long, bitter and often divisive race for the White House, work began on the clean transfer of power, a bedrock principle of American democracy.

Following a bruising political contest, President-Elect Donald Trump sought to pave the way for reuniting the country.

Hillary Clinton offered to work with Trump to end partisan divides as a part of the transition.

Now, the Obama administration will work together with Trump's transition team to hire new government personnel, including selecting a new cabinet to run the country. President Obama offered his cooperation to ensure the peaceful transfer of power.

The Presidential transition process culminates January 20th with the ceremonial inauguration marking the beginning of the Trump presidency.