奥巴马取消对越南的武器禁运

美国总统奥巴马星期一在河内跟越南国家主席陈大光一起举行记者会时说，美国将全面取消对越南长达约50年的军事禁运。

奥巴马表示，美国还将帮助越南清除越战遗留下来的地雷和橙剂。

橙剂是一种效力强大的脱叶剂，美军曾在越战期间使用这种化学制剂，后来发现橙剂会严重损害人体健康，包括新生儿发育缺陷、肿瘤、皮疹和癌症。

星期一早些时候，越南国家主席陈大光在首都河内总统府为奥巴马举行了正式欢迎仪式。

奥巴马星期一会见陈大光和其他越南高层官员。分析人士说，这显示美越两国关系达到前所未有的紧密程度。

在结束对越南的3天访问后，奥巴马将前往日本访问。

奥巴马将是访问日本城市广岛的首位在任美国总统。1945年，美国在广岛投放了第一颗原子弹。奥巴马在接受日本广播公司采访时表示，他不会为原子弹轰炸广岛而道歉。

Obama Lifts Arms Embargo on Vietnam

U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday at a news conference in Hanoi with Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang "The United States is fully lifting the ban on the sale of military equipment to Vietnam that has been in place for some 50 years."

Obama said the U.S. will also help Vietnam remove landmines and Agent Orange remaining in Vietnam following the war between the two countries.

Agent Orange was a powerful mixture of chemical defoliants used by U.S. military forces during the Vietnam War that was later revealed to cause serious health issues, including birth defects, tumors, rashes and cancer.

Earlier Monday, Obama was formally welcomed to Vietnam by Quang at the Presidential Palace in Hanoi.

The American leader's meetings Monday with his Vietnamese counterpart and other senior officials are an indication of what analysts describe as the closest ties ever between the two countries.

Obama is in Vietnam for a three-day visit. After Vietnam, he will go to Japan.

He will be the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima, where the first atomic bomb was dropped in 1945. The U.S. president said in an interview with Japan public broadcaster NHK he will not apologize for the bombing.

伊拉克军队发动收复费卢杰的攻势

伊拉克军队结束对费卢杰的数月围困，发动收复这座伊斯兰国重镇的大规模攻势。

费卢杰2014年1月成为最先落入伊斯兰国极端分子手中的城市，伊斯兰国在那里根基深厚。

伊拉克总理阿巴迪说，政府军即将取得一场伟大的胜利。阿巴迪星期天晚上在全国转播的电视节目中表示，伊拉克的旗帜将在费卢杰高高升起。

伊拉克军方要求费卢杰的居民用白旗标识自己的所在地点。

尽管伊拉克政府试图开辟安全走廊，数月来很少有人能逃离费卢杰。

费卢杰传统上一直是逊尼派的根据地。

数周来，美国一直对费卢杰城内外的伊斯兰国目标进行空中打击。

Iraq Forces Launch Offensive to Retake Fallujah

Iraqi forces have launched a major offensive to retake the Islamic State bastion of Fallujah, ending a months-long siege of the city.

Fallujah was the first city in Iraq to fall to IS extremists in January 2014 and the group is well entrenched.

Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said Iraqi forces were “approaching a moment of great victory.”

“The Iraqi flag will be raised high over the land of Fallujah,” Abadi declared on national television Sunday night.

Iraq's military has called on residents trapped in the city to mark their locations with white flags.

Very few families have managed to escape the city in the past months despite government attempts to open safe corridors.

Fallujah is a traditional Sunni stronghold.

U.S. airstrikes have been pounding IS targets in and around the city for weeks.