一共和党联邦参议员表示不会投票支持川普

共和党联邦参议员苏珊·柯林斯说，她不会投票支持该党总统候选人川普。她说，川普不代表共和党的价值观或者这个国家所需要的“包容性的治理方法”。

柯林斯1996年当选联邦参议员，她在《华盛顿邮报》发表评论文章指出，她之所以认为川普不适合当总统，是基于他无视尊重他人的原则。

柯林斯说：“相反，他选择嘲笑弱势群体，通过攻击少数族裔和宗教少数派来煽动偏见。”

她还担心，川普一旦当选，他的“缺乏自制和一知半解的连番评论”会使世界变得更危险。

柯林斯说：“一个总统候选人对履行我们与盟国的条约义务公开提出质疑是非常鲁莽的行为。川普受到挑战时勃然大怒的倾向，也进一步加大了使争执危险失控的可能性。

川普的竞选班子星期一晚上没有对柯林斯参议员的话发表评论。

Republican Senator Says No Vote for Trump

Republican Senator Susan Collins says she will not vote for the party's presidential nominee, Donald Trump, saying he does not represent Republican values or the "inclusive approach to governing" the country needs.

Collins, who was elected to the Senate in 1996, wrote in an opinion piece in The Washington Post that her view of Trump as unfit for the presidency is based on his disregard for the principle of treating other people with respect.

"Instead, he opts to mock the vulnerable and inflame prejudices by attacking ethnic and religious minorities," Collins said.

She also expressed worry that if elected Trump's "lack of self-restraint and his barrage of ill-informed comments" would make the world more dangerous.

"It is reckless for a presidential candidate to publicly raise doubts about honoring treaty commitments with our allies. Mr. Trump's tendency to lash out when challenged further escalates the possibility of disputes spinning dangerously out of control."

There was no comment from the Trump campaign Monday night about the senator's statement.

医生形容叙利亚阿勒颇如地狱一般

叙利亚反政府武装继续战斗，希望突破阿萨德政府对阿勒颇的包围，与此同时，医护人员星期一告诉联合国外交官员，这个叙利亚最大的城市已经变得如地狱一般。

设在芝加哥的叙利亚美国人医学协会的撒鲁尔医生对安理会成员说：“阿勒颇的儿童没有婴儿奶粉，药品、血浆、缝线和呼吸器严重缺乏，人们没有面包、肉或瓦斯。”

在该学会工作的阿塔尔医生向安理会成员展示了腿部截肢和脑部受伤孩子的照片。他说，阿勒颇医院看上去更象是被沙包和水桶环绕的掩体，为抵御几乎每天都有的轰炸提供一些保护。他说，在他工作的一家医院，病患在地下室接受治疗，因为楼上太容易受到攻击。

阿塔尔批评安理会缺乏行动并敦促安理会做出更多努力。他表示，安理会具有让这一切停止的力量，也有拯救生命的力量，其拯救规模是医生们所达不到的。

Doctors Describe Hell of Syria's Aleppo

As Syrian rebels continue to fight to break the Assad government’s siege on Aleppo, medical workers told U.N. diplomats Monday of the hell Syria’s largest city has become.

"The children in Aleppo have no baby milk, the doctors have severe shortages of medicines, blood, sutures and ventilators, and people have no bread, meat, or cooking gas," Dr. Zaher Shaloul of the Chicago-based Syrian American Medical Society ((SAMS)) told members of the Security Council.

Dr. Samer Attar, who also works with SAMS, showed council members pictures of children with amputated legs and brain injuries. He said Aleppo’s hospitals look more like bunkers, surrounded by sandbags and barrels to offer some protections against near daily bombings. He said at one hospital where he worked, patients were treated in the basement because the upper floor was too susceptible to attack.

He scolded the council for its lack of action and urged it to do more. “This body does have the power to make all of this stop. This body has the power to save lives and limbs on a scale that doctors cannot,” he said.