美国要使用一切可行手段应对朝鲜核威胁

美国驻联合国大使萨曼莎∙鲍尔正在韩国访问。目前人们对于朝鲜核武器项目以及导弹技术发展的担心日益严重。

萨曼莎∙鲍尔大使参观了朝韩非军事区韩国一侧和三八线。目前有卫星图像显示，平壤可能很快会实验洲际弹道导弹。

鲍尔大使在首尔记者会上说，美国将使用一切可能的手段来孤立平壤政权。

她说：“我们将使用一切可能的工具在应对这一严重威胁，包括外交压力，我们正在说服世界其他国家来孤立朝鲜政权。“

鲍尔与韩国总理黄教安，讨论朝鲜核项目问题。她强调了美国与韩国的紧密关系。

鲍尔说：“尽管地理上美国距离朝鲜比较远，不过我们对于朝鲜构成的威胁和你们一样重视。我们理解这不仅是对美国与韩国的威胁，也威胁着国际秩序的基础。”

美国与韩国呼吁世界各国对朝鲜采取行动。有报道说，两国在施加压力制止朝鲜向海外输送劳工赚取外汇。

朝鲜上个月不顾联合国制裁进行了第五次核试验，有关国家还呼吁联合国对朝鲜实施更严厉的制裁。

US Will Use All Tools Available to Deal with N. Korean Nuclear Threat

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power is visiting South Korea amid rising concern over North Korea's nuclear program and worries about increasing sophistication of the North's missiles.

Ambassador Samantha Power visited the South Korean side of the Demilitarized Zone and toured the line that separates the two Koreas. Her visit comes as analysis of satellite images suggests Pyongyang may soon test an intercontinental ballistic missile.

Power told a news conference in Seoul the United States will use all available means to isolate the regime in Pyongyang.

"We are committed to using all the tools in our toolkit to address the serious threat, including diplomatic pressures we are mobilizing around the world to convince other nations to isolate the regime."

Power met with South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn to discuss North Korea's nuclear program. She emphasized the close ties between the United States and its ally on the Korean peninsula.

"While the United States may be farther away geographically from the DPRK than you are, we take the threat that the DPRK poses just as seriously. We understand that this is not only a threat to the United States and the Republic of Korea, but to the very foundation of our international order."

The United States and South Korea have urged governments around the world to take action against North Korea. Reports say they are applying pressure to stop North Korea from sending guest workers overseas to earn money for the regime.

There are also calls for tougher U.N. Security Council sanctions after the North's fifth nuclear test last month in defiance of U.N. sanctions.

美总统候选人辩论：川普克林顿彼此攻击人品

在总统候选人的第二场辩论中，民主党候选人希拉里∙克林顿表示，她不会向叙利亚派遣地面部队，这种策略是不明智的。

克林顿表示，叙利亚阿勒颇的局势是灾难性的，俄罗斯决心要毁灭这座城市以确保阿萨德能够继续掌权；克林顿还表示，她支持让俄罗斯和叙利亚政府对于目前持续的叙利亚内战承担战争罪责任。

共和党总统候选人川普表示，他不同意自己的竞选搭档麦克∙彭斯提出对叙利亚政府目标进行袭击的立场，但川普有关叙利亚问题的大部分发言都是针对奥巴马总统。

星期天晚上的辩论在圣路易斯的华盛顿大学举行。

在此之前，川普一段2005年采访录音曝光，他在录音里说自己的明星地位使得他可以任意调戏女性。共和党内的一些人士纷纷谴责川普，并要求他退出竞选。

川普对这些话表示道歉，但是他坚持说他非常尊重妇女，但是现在的讨论重点应该放在其他更重要的议题上。

克林顿说她过去只是与其他共和党候选人在政见上有分歧，但是对于川普她是第一次质疑一个候选人是否有资格做总统。

她说尽管川普道了歉，但他在录音里所说的话暴露了他的真面目。克林顿还说，川普曾经侮辱过少数族裔，穆斯林和战俘。

克林顿还在缴税问题上抨击川普20年没有缴税。

川普为自己的缴税记录辩护说，他很自豪自己熟悉美国的税法，并因此来少纳税，他还说，克林顿的那些富豪捐款人同样也在利用税法为自己谋利。

川普还表示，如果当选，他将任命特别检察官对克林顿三万三千封失踪电邮一事展开调查，如果他能说了算的话，克林顿就会被送进监狱。

Trump, Clinton Bitterly Attack Each Other's Character at Debate

During the second presidential debate with Republican Donald Trump, Democrat Hillary Clinton said she would not put ground forces into Syria, saying that would not be a smart strategy.

She called Aleppo a catastrophic situation, and that Russia is determined to destroy the city in an effort to keep Bashar al-Assad in power, and supports efforts to hold Russia and the Syrian regime accountable for war crimes in the ongoing Syrian civil war.

Trump said he disagrees with his running mate, Mike Pence, who called for strikes on Syrian government targets, but Trump saved most of his comments on Syria for President Barack Obama.

Sunday night’s debate was held at Washington University in St. Louis.

Some top Republicans are urging Trump to drop out of the race after a 2005 tape surfaced in which he made lewd comments about women, saying he can grope them because he is a "star."

Trump apologized for the comments, insisting he has great respect for women and that it is time to talk about more important things.

Clinton said while she has disagreed with the policies of previous Republican candidates, this is the first time she has questioned a candidate's fitness to serve as president.

Despite his apology, Clinton said the tape shows exactly who Trump is. She also pointed out that Trump has insulted and denigrated minorities, Muslims, and prisoner of war.

Clinton hit out at Trump over taxes, accusing him of possibly not paying taxes in 20 years.

Trump said he is was proud of knowing the tax code well enough to take advantage of it and pointed out that some of Clinton's wealthy donors have done the same thing.

Trump said he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton's 33,000 missing e-mails, saying if he were in charge, Clinton would be in jail.