巴黎检察官：尼斯嫌犯与激进伊斯兰有关

巴黎检察官表示，在法国海滨城市尼斯国庆日造成84人死亡的那名男子曾经表示，他对激进伊斯兰感兴趣。

负责调查恐怖袭击事件的法拉西斯·莫林斯星期一说，被警方击毙的嫌疑人布哈勒曾表示支持伊斯兰国组织，并在网上寻找有关美国佛罗里达州奥兰多同性恋夜总会枪击案资料。

莫林斯说，布哈勒还在发动袭击行动之前到海滨大道一带做过侦察。他在那一带用租来的卡车撞死了近百人。

星期一，法国各地民众为在7月14日恐怖袭击中遇难者静默致哀。

法国总理瓦尔斯在尼斯参加静默仪式的时候受到许多民众的嘲讽。

Paris Prosecutor: Nice Attacker Linked to Radical Islam

The man who killed 84 people in the Bastille Day attack in the French seaside city of Nice had expressed his interest in radical Islam, according to the Paris prosecutor.

Francois Molins, who oversees terrorism investigations, said Monday slain attacker Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel had showed support for the Islamic State group and searched online for information about the Orlando attack on a gay nightclub.

Molis says Bouhlel also made reconnaissance visits to the beachfront where he used a rented truck to run down dozens of people on Nice's main promenade.

On Monday, silent tributes were held across France in honor of the victims of the July 14 attack.

Prime Minister Manuel Valls was booed as he joined thousands in Nice for a moment of silence.

梅拉尼亚共和党大会讲话 称赞丈夫川普是“了不起的领袖”

共和党全国代表大会周二将把焦点转向经济问题。周一，川普夫人梅拉尼亚在大会黄金时段对观众说，她的丈夫川普是“一位了不起的领袖”，而且是唯一能给美国带来变化的人。

星期二，在俄亥俄州克利夫兰共和党代表大会上演讲的有该党最重要的人物，其中包括众议院议长保罗·瑞安以及前共和党总统参选人克里斯蒂和卡森。

梅拉尼亚说：“如果你们要一个为你们和国家而战的人，我可以保证他就是这个人。”

梅拉尼亚从斯洛文尼亚移民美国，她在总统竞选活动期间很少露面，她的演讲有一部分用来讲述她自己的故事。

但是，她的演讲引起了人们对其出处的质疑。记者注意到其中有一段话和米歇尔·奥巴马在2008年民主党全国代表大会上的演讲相似。但是，川普竞选班子尚未就此作出评论。

Melania Trump Praises Husband as 'Amazing Leader' in Republican Convention Speech

The Republican National Convention moves Tuesday to a focus on the economy, a day after Melania Trump told a prime time audience her husband Donald is "an amazing leader" and the only one who can deliver change for the United States.

Tuesday's speakers in Cleveland, Ohio include some of the party's most prominent figures, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential candidates Chris Christie and Ben Carson.

"If you want someone to fight for you and your country, I can assure you he's the guy," Melania Trump said.

The Slovenian immigrant has been largely unseen during the presidential campaign and used part of the address to tell her personal story.

But her speech prompted questions about its origins after journalists noted striking similarities in one passage to an address Michelle Obama gave at the Democratic National Convention in 2008.

There was no immediate comment from the Trump campaign about the similarities.