比利时起诉两名布鲁塞尔袭击案嫌疑人

比利时检察官星期二说，他们对跟上月布鲁塞尔袭击案有牵连的两个人提出了起诉。布鲁塞尔袭击案造成32人死亡。

比利时联邦检察官办公室发表声明说，被控恐怖主义罪的两名被告是斯玛伊尔和伊卜拉希姆，他们参与租用一所公寓，而布鲁塞尔袭击案中的一名爆炸手可能曾在那所公寓藏身。

警方此前已逮捕了6人，其中包括默哈迈德·阿布里尼，在机场监控录像中，可以看到他和两名自杀爆炸手在一起。

比利时检察官说，布鲁塞尔袭击者本来计划再度在法国发动袭击，但巴黎袭击案主要嫌疑人萨拉赫·阿布德斯拉姆被逮捕后，他们决定在布鲁塞尔迅速发动袭击。

Belgium Charges 2 More Linked to Brussels Attacks

Prosecutors in Belgium said Tuesday they have charged two more people in connection with the attacks last month in Brussels that killed 32 people.

A statement from the federal prosecutor's office identified those charged with terrorism offenses as Smail F. and Ibrahim F., saying they were linked to renting an apartment that may have been used as a safe house by one of the Brussels bombers.

Police have arrested six other people, including Mohamed Abrini, who was seen on the airport's video surveillance system alongside the two suicide bombers.

Belgian prosecutors said the Brussels attackers were planning to hit France again, but decided to launch a quick attack on Brussels after the arrest of key Paris suspect Salah Abdeslam.

自杀袭击杀手在也门南部炸死4人

星期二，一名自杀爆炸手在也门南部港口城市亚丁炸死至少4人。与此同时，也门亲政府军队和胡塞反政府武装之间的停火进入第2天，据报停火期间发生了一些战斗。

袭击者在亚丁一群新兵中引爆了炸弹。亚丁是也门政府所在地。此前，也门政府军在沙特阿拉伯为首的联盟支援下把胡塞反政府武装赶出了亚丁。但也门局势动荡，基地组织激进分子也图谋控制亚丁部分城区。

联合国目前正在安排也门政府与胡塞武装下周举行和谈。联合国敦促双方确保维持停火，以便为谈判营造一个良好的环境。

胡塞武装于2014年9月夺取了也门首都萨那的控制权，双方冲突去年三月爆发为地区战斗，反叛武装近逼亚丁，也门总统哈迪被迫逃到沙特。沙特组织了一个军事联盟，对胡塞武装发动空袭，后来地面部队也参与了战斗。

也门冲突已经导致6200多人丧生。联合国说，超过80%的也门平民急需食物和医疗服务。

Suicide Bomber Kills 4 in Southern Yemen

A suicide bomber killed at least four people Tuesday in Yemen's southern port city of Aden, as a cease-fire between pro-government forces and Houthi rebels stretched into a second day with some reports of fighting.

The attacker detonated the explosives among a group of army recruits in the city that has become home to the government since it pushed out the Houthis with the help of a Saudi-led coalition. But the instability in Yemen has also brought al-Qaida militants seeking control in parts of Aden.

The United Nations is sponsoring peace talks next week between the government and Houthis and urged them to make sure their cessation of hostilities holds in order to create a good environment for the negotiations.

The Houthis seized control of the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, in September 2014, but the conflict exploded into a regional fight in March of last year when the rebels marched on Aden and forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi to flee to Saudi Arabia. The Saudis responded by organizing a coalition of militaries to conduct airstrikes in Hadi's defense and later expanded the effort to include ground troops.

More than 6,200 people have been killed in the Yemen conflict, and the U.N. says more than 80 percent of civilians are in desperate need of food and medical aid.