奥巴马访问广岛

奥巴马星期五抵达广岛，成为访问这座日本城市的首位美国总统。二战期间，美国战机于1945年8月6日在广岛投下世界上第一颗原子弹。

奥巴马总统计划在广岛发表讲话，并将在和平纪念馆献花圈。

在抵达广岛的几小时前，奥巴马在岩国航空基地与美日军人见面。他对两国军人说，他此次访问是纪念二战所有死难者的一次机会。奥巴马表示，这将证明最痛苦的裂痕也能得到弥合，两个国家不但可以结为伙伴，而且可以成为最好的朋友。

奥巴马总统曾表示，他不会为杜鲁门总统在广岛投放原子弹的决定道歉。原子弹轰炸当即造成8万人死亡，让90%的广岛毁于一旦，后来又有数万人死于核辐射。

奥巴马最近曾表示，当了七年半总统的他了解，每个领导人都要做出非常艰难的决定，尤其是在战争期间。

对广岛进行原子弹轰炸的决定存在争议。杜鲁门总统的几位高级军事顾问，包括后来成为美国总统的艾森豪威尔将军，都反对使用原子弹，主张继续对日本进行常规轰炸，但杜鲁门寻求尽快结束战争。

Obama Visits Hiroshima

Barack Obama has arrived in the Japanese city of Hiroshima, becoming the first U.S. president Friday to visit the city where an American warplane dropped the world's first atomic bomb on August 6, 1945 during World War Two.

He plans to make a few comments and place a wreath at the Peace Memorial.

Hours before his scheduled arrival, Obama met with U.S. and Japanese troops at Iwakuni air station, not far from Hiroshima, telling the troops his visit "is an opportunity to honor the memory of all who were lost in WWII." The president said, "It's a testament to how even the most painful divides can be bridged. How two nations can become not just partners but the best of friends."

The president has said he will not apologize for the decision then president Harry Truman made to drop the A-bomb on Hiroshima, killing 80,000 people instantly and wiping out 90 percent of the city. Tens of thousands more would later die of radiation exposure.

Obama said recently he knows "as somebody who has now sat in this position for the last seven and a half years, that every leader makes very difficult decisions, particularly during war time."

The decision to bomb Hiroshima was controversial. Several of Truman's top military advisers, including future president Dwight Eisenhower, objected and favored the conventional bombing already going on in Japan. Truman, however, was seeking a quick end to the war.

川普将能源问题纳入竞选辩论

美国共和党推定总统候选人川普星期四在北达科他州举行的石油会议上发表演讲时保证，要退出巴黎气候协定，同时大力推动美国的矿物燃料发展。

川普抨击民主党领跑的总统参选人希拉里·克林顿的能源政策。在大选期间，川普和希拉里·克林顿在能源问题上的尖锐对立可能成为一个重要因素。

川普说，奥巴马总统使北达科他州居民的生活变得越来越艰难，而希拉里·克林顿将使情况变得更糟。

川普说，在就任总统的100天内，他就要取消关于钻探的规定，退出巴黎气候协定，并全面停止为联合国的遏制全球气候变暖项目提供经费。

环保人士对川普的讲话提出谴责。

Trump Brings Energy into the Presidential Election Debate

Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday pledged to cancel the Paris climate agreement and aggressively pursue U.S. fossil fuel development, during a speech at a petroleum conference in North Dakota.

He attacked Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton's positions on energy policy, drawing sharp contrasts between the two on an issue that could be a factor in the general election.

He said President Barack Obama has "made life much more difficult for North Dakota." And under Clinton, he said, "things will get much worse."

In his first 100 days in office, Trump said, he would roll back regulations on drilling, "cancel the Paris climate agreement and stop all payments to U.N. global warming programs."

Environmentalists condemned the speech.