韩国总统对朝鲜采取更强硬的态度

韩国总统朴槿惠警告朝鲜说，如果平壤继续发展核武器，首尔计划对朝鲜政权采取更强硬的举措。

朴槿惠星期二在首尔在国会发表全国电视转播的讲话，为她针对朝鲜最近进行核试验及试射弹道导弹而决定关闭开城工业园区的做法提出辩护。朴槿惠再次指责平壤将每年付给该园区5万3000名朝鲜雇员的1亿美元用于发展核项目。

朴槿惠对韩国议员们说，既然目前对朝鲜的“善意”外交看来不起作用，韩国政府将采取“强硬而有效的举措”，最终让平壤相信，其核项目只能加速平壤政权的垮台。

South Korean President Hardens Approach Towards North

South Korean President Park Geun-hye is warning North Korea that Seoul plans to take a harder approach towards the regime if it continues work on developing a nuclear weapon.

In a nationally televised address before the National Assembly Tuesday, President Park defended her decision to close the Kaesong industrial park. She repeated previous accusations that Pyongyang had siphoned the $100 million South Korean businesses pay in annual salaries to the 53,000 North Koreans employed at the park, and used it to fund their nuclear program.

Park told lawmakers since it was apparent that the current approach of diplomatic "goodwill" with North Korea has not worked, the government would take "strong and effective measures" to finally convince the North that its nuclear development program "will only speed up regime collapse."

联合国特使将会见叙官员 促实施停火

联合国叙利亚问题特使德米斯图拉目前在叙利亚，他星期二将与叙利亚官员就本星期实施停火问题举行会谈。

德米斯图拉星期一晚间抵达叙利亚首都大马士革，这次访问事先并未宣布。

世界诸强国上星期就停止叙利亚境内的敌对活动达成一致，停火定于星期五开始，以便运送亟需的人道救援物资。

国际间希望实施停火有助于恢复叙利亚和谈。本月早些时候，叙利亚和谈在日内瓦只进行了3天即告破裂。

此后，叙利亚境内的暴力没有缓和的迹象。叙利亚政府继续在俄罗斯空袭的支援下发动攻势。各派反政府武装组织也继续在叙利亚战斗，每个组织都有不同的目标和外国支持者。

世界诸强国表示，希望在本月底之前恢复和谈。

UN Envoy to Meet Syrian Officials in Cease-Fire Push

U.N. envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura is in Syria where he is due to hold talks Tuesday with officials on implementing a cease-fire this week.

He arrived late Monday in the Syrian capital, Damascus, for the unannounced visit.

World powers agreed last week to a cessation of hostilities, set to begin Friday, in order to let badly needed humanitarian aid be delivered.

The cease-fire is meant to help make it possible to resume international peace talks that collapsed earlier this month in Geneva after just three days.

Since then, the violence has shown no signs of letting up. The Syrian government has continued an offensive backed by Russian airstrikes. A wide array of rebel groups also continue to fight in the country, each with different objectives and international backers.

World powers have said they hope to resume peace talks by the end of the month.