韩国国会投票弹劾朴槿惠总统

韩国国会议员投票，赞成对卷入政治丑闻的第一位女总统朴槿惠进行弹劾。

星期五国会宣布朴槿惠被停职后，韩国总理黄教安将担任代总统。

弹劾过程可能需要六到九个月。首先，宪法法院将审阅弹劾动议，这一程序最长要花费180天，如果弹劾动议被宪法法院通过的话，立法人员就要在60天内安排新的选举。

朴槿惠是韩国有史以来第一个在任期间被检方指称为犯罪嫌疑人的总统。

South Korean Parliament Votes to Impeach President

South Korean lawmakers have voted to impeach President Park Geun-hye, the country's first female leader, who has been embroiled in a political scandal.

With Park's powers now suspended, Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn is the interim head of government following Friday's vote.

The timeline for impeachment could take six to nine months. First, the Constitutional Court must review the impeachment motion; a process that could take up to 180 days. If approved, lawmakers would then have 60 days to schedule a new election.

This is the first time in South Korean history prosecutors had named the sitting president as a subject in a criminal investigation.

美国与菲律宾关系有好转迹象

美国与长期盟友菲律宾的关系出现好转迹象。今年九月菲律宾总统杜特尔特提出，要求撤走美国驻军，以及与美国疏远等言论，导致两国关系出现紧张。

美国当选总统川普这个月曾与菲律宾总统杜特尔特通电话，恭喜杜特尔特严打毒品运动获得成功。由于打击毒品行动被怀疑造成许多未经司法审判的处决，美国总统奥巴马对此提出批评，激怒了6月份上任的杜特尔特总统。

川普邀请杜特尔特访问白宫。这是川普对包括日本在内的亚洲盟友做出的友好姿态之一。

今年九月，杜特尔特用不雅的字眼形容奥巴马总统，并且说要减少两国经济往来，要求美国撤出在菲律宾的驻军。

马尼拉自1951年两国签署双边防务协定后一直是美国的重要盟友。

Strained US-Philippine Ties Show Signs of Improvement

Relations between the United States and one of its oldest allies, the Philippines, show signs of returning to normal after a crisis in September when the president in Manila demanded Washington withdraw military support and talked of a deeper break in ties with the Western superpower.

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump congratulated Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in a call this month on his deadly campaign to squelch the drug trade. The government of U.S. President Barack Obama had angered Duterte, who took office in June, by criticizing the effort due to suspected extrajudicial killings.

Trump also invited Duterte to visit the White House, part of a chain of overtures to traditional U.S. allies in Asia, including Japan.

In September, Duterte called Obama a dirty name, suggested scaling back economic ties and demanded that U.S. military personnel leave the country.

Manila has been one of Washington’s chief Asian allies since the two sides signed a mutual defense treaty in 1951.