一名土耳其少将在美失踪，传申请庇护

土耳其一名驻美海军少将失踪，有报道说，他正在寻求庇护。此前，土耳其当局要求他回国，参与因军事间谍指控而进行的审讯。

这名土耳其海军少将名叫穆斯塔法·乌古鲁，在位于美国维吉尼亚州诺福克的北约盟国司令部工作。据报道，乌古鲁已经交还了他的证件，于7月22日失踪。

土耳其7月15号发生未遂政变后，乌古鲁得到了有关当局要他回国的命令。

一名土耳其官员告诉路透社，政变后还有两名土耳其驻美军官被召回，但没有遭到拘捕。

一位美国海军军官告诉记者说，美国有一百多名土耳其军事人员，一部分在北约基地工作，一部分是美国军事机构的交换人员。乌古鲁是上个月军事政变后被解职的数百名军官中的一位。

美国国务院、公民与移民服务局，以及国土安全部等部门还没有对乌古鲁的案子发表任何评论。北约建议记者向土耳其政府了解有关乌古鲁的情况。

Turkish Admiral Disappears into US, Reportedly Seeking Asylum

A Turkish admiral posted in the United States has disappeared and is reportedly seeking asylum after being sought by Turkish authorities to return home and participate in legal proceedings following charges of military espionage.

Turkish Navy Rear Admiral Mustafa Ugurlu, posted at NATO's Allied Command Transformation headquarters in Norfolk, Virginia, is reported to have turned in his identification papers and disappeared on July 22.

Ugurlu was ordered home by Turkish authorities last month after an attempted coup July 15.

A Turkish official told Reuters news agency that two other officers stationed in the U.S. were called back to Turkey after the coup attempt, but neither of them was ordered into detention.

A U.S. Navy official told reporters more than 100 Turkish military personnel are in the United States – some at the NATO base and some taking part in exchanges at U.S. military institutions. Ugurlu was among hundreds of Turkish military officers released from their duties July 22.

U.S. agencies such as the State Department, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services and Department of Homeland Security have not yet commented on Ugurlu's case.

NATO has referred reporters to the Turkish government for information about Ugurlu.

利比亚亲政府军称已控制IS总部

利比亚亲政府部队说，他们已经控制了伊斯兰国组织在苏尔特市的总部所在地。这份声明是由效忠利比亚全国团结政府的部队发出的。

美国一直在对伊斯兰国组织的目标发动空袭，意图是要把这个恐怖组织赶出苏尔特市。这个沿海城市一直是伊斯兰国组织实施行动的一个据点。

美国官员星期三强调，美军地面部队不参与任何直接地面战斗。

五角大楼发言人特洛布里奇说：“我们在利比亚的使命仅限于空袭行动，这是在效忠利比亚全国团结政府部队的请求下给予的支持。我们提供特殊帮助－特别是在情报、监视、侦察以及精准打击方面，这将有助于叙利亚全国团结政府的部队做出果断和战略性推进。”

Pro-government Forces in Libya Claim Control of IS Headquarters

Pro-government forces in Libya say they have taken control of Islamic State's headquarters in the city of Sirte. The statement was issued by forces loyal to Libya’s Government of National Accord (GNA).

The U.S. has been carrying out airstrikes aimed at pushing IS out of Sirte, a key coastal city that has served as a base for the terror group’s operations.

U.S officials on Wednesday stressed that U.S.troops are not engaged in any direct fighting on the ground.

Pentagon Press Secretary Gordon Trowbridge said, "our mission in Libya is focused solely on conducting air strikes at the request and in support of forces aligned with Libya's Government of National Accord. We are providing unique capabilities - notably intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) and precision strikes - that will help enable GNA-aligned forces to make a decisive, strategic advance."