联合国人道官员警告 也门距离饥荒一步之遥

联合国人道救援事务负责人星期一警告说，饱受战火摧残的也门“距离饥荒只有一步之遥”。

奥布赖恩告诉联合国安理会说，也门2千1百多万人需要某种形式的人道援助，相当于也门人口总数的百分之80。

奥布赖恩是从巴林通过电话向安理会介绍的上述情况，目前他正在该地区对科威特，卡塔尔和阿联酋进行10天访问。10月早些时候他访问了也门。

奥布赖恩说：“也门全国有超过两百万人营养不良，包括37万儿童严重营养不良。”这一数字比冲突开始前上升了65%。

自去年冲突开始以来，也门食品价格上涨了20%，沙特实施的封锁使食品难以运送到也门这个90%的食品依靠进口的国家。

令人担心的霍乱病开始出现，已有61起被证实病例，还有1千7百个疑似病例。奥布赖恩说，联合国与人道合作伙伴要建立21个霍乱治疗中心，但是可能仍不足以制止疾病的蔓延。他还说，也门有1万多名5岁以下儿童死于可以预防的疾病。

联合国将也门列为三级紧急人道危机国，其他两个被列为三级紧急人道危机国家是叙利亚和伊拉克。

UN Humanitarian Chief Warns That Yemen Is 'One Step Way From Famine'

The U.N. humanitarian chief warned Monday that war-torn Yemen is “one step away from famine.”

Stephen O’Brien told the U.N. Security Council that more than 21 million Yemenis – 80 percent of the population – are in need of some form of humanitarian assistance.

O’Brien gave the briefing by telephone from Bahrain, where he has arrived for a 10-day visit that also will include Kuwait, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. He traveled to Yemen earlier this month.

“Over 2 million people are malnourished nationwide, including 370,000 children who are severely malnourished,” O’Brien said. That is an increase of 65 percent compared to the year before the conflict began.

Food prices have surged 20 percent since fighting began last year, and a Saudi-imposed blockade has impaired food deliveries to a country that pre-conflict imported 90 percent of its food stocks.

Worryingly, cholera is starting to appear, with 61 confirmed cases and 1,700 suspected cases. O’Brien said the United Nations and its humanitarian partners are establishing 21 cholera treatment centers, but that they would be insufficient to stop the escalating spread of the disease. Additionally, the humanitarian chief said more than 10,000 children under the age of five have died from preventable diseases.

The U.N. has classified Yemen as a level three emergency – Syria and Iraq are the only other two humanitarian crises rated this severe.

意大利总理推出重建中部地震灾区计划

意大利总理马泰奥·伦齐星期一公布了重建意大利中部大片山区地带的计划，当地遭到了1980年以来该地区最为严重的地震的沉重打击。关键措施包括向受灾民众提供集装箱，以便在永久住房建好之前，让人们能有栖身之地。

伦齐于罗马发表这番谈话之际，星期日那场6.6级地震造成的破坏日益明显，救援人员紧急出动，为数以千计的居民提供急需救助，这些居民上星期已遭到震级较小的地震的惊吓。就在10个星期前，该地区还发生过一场地震，在小镇阿马特里切造成数百人丧生。

伦齐誓言将重建一切。他说，位于罗马东北方向的这些文化名胜地区是“美丽的土地”。

目前还没有听说有人死亡或受重伤。当局说，这主要是因为当地很多居民在8月24日重创阿马特里切的那次地震后都已迁离。不过，估计有1万5千人因这场地震而无家可归。

星期日那场地震的震中位于中部城市佩鲁贾西南70公里，靠近诺尔恰镇。镇内居民已经因之前的地震而紧张不安。地震造成14世纪的圣本笃大教堂等教堂建筑严重受损。据估计，诺尔恰及周围有4千人被转移到亚得里亚海岸的旅馆。那些旅馆之前已收容了1千多名因为8月间的阿马特里切地震而失去家园的人。

伦齐总理说，集装箱将于12月到位。他说，预计将在2017年中期为居民们盖好木质结构的新住房。

Italian PM Unveils Plans to Rebuild Central Region Hit by Earthquake

Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi unveiled plans Monday to rebuild large swaths of the mountainous central Italy, ravaged by the region's worst earthquake since 1980. Among the key provisions is the promise to provide shipping containers for people to live in while permanent housing is constructed.

Renzi spoke in Rome, as the scope of Sunday's 6.6 magnitude quake became evident, and as emergency workers scrambled to provide immediate aid to thousands of residents already traumatized by smaller temblors last week. The same region was hit 10 weeks ago by a deadly quake that killed hundreds in the small town of Amatrice.

"We will rebuild everything," Renzi vowed, describing the culturally significant areas northeast of Rome as "territories of beauty."

No deaths or serious injuries have been reported, largely, authorities say, because so many residents of the region were relocated after the August 24 earthquake that rocked Amatrice. However, an estimated 15,000 were left homeless.

The epicenter of Sunday's quake was 70 kilometers southwest of the central city of Perugia and close to the town of Norcia, where already skittish residents saw churches and the 14th century Basilica of St. Benedict heavily damaged on Sunday. An estimated 4,000 people in and around Norcia have been relocated to hotels on the Adriatic coast, where they joined more than 1,000 others still displaced by the Amatrice quake in August.

Renzi said the shipping containers will be in place by December, and he said residents can expect to have new wooden house construction completed by mid-2017.