韩联社：朝鲜召唤其外交官子女回国

韩联社说，它从情报来源处获悉，朝鲜最近下令其所有海外外交官的成年子女回国。

消息人士说，韩国情报机构“国家情报院”的官员在一个闭门会议上对一个国会监督委员会说，平壤颁布了一道命令，要求所有年龄在25岁及以上的外交官子女回国，很明显这是为了阻止有可能出现的叛逃的措施之一。

但是，韩国国会的一位消息人士告诉韩联社，据信该命令没有直接导致韩国驻英国大使馆二号人物太勇浩的投诚。该消息人士认为，太勇浩很可能“伺机离开已经有一段时间了”。

Yonhap: North Korea Summons Diplomats' Children to Return Home

South Korea's Yonhap news agency says it has learned from intelligence sources that North Korea has recently ordered the adult children of its overseas diplomats to return home.

The sources say officials with South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, told a parliamentary oversight committee in a closed door session that Pyongyang issued the return order for all diplomats' children 25 years old and older , as part of an apparent effort to stop potential defections.

But a parliamentary source told Yonhap it is believed the order did not directly cause the recent defection of Thae Yong Ho, North Korea's second ranking official in Britain. The source says it is likely that Thae "had been seeking a chance to leave for some time."

川普要求特别检察官调查克林顿基金会

共和党总统候选人川普要求立即由一名独立的特别检察官对希拉里和比尔·克林顿的基金会进行调查。他说，联邦调查局从事这项工作不可信。

星期一，川普在俄亥俄州阿克伦的竞选演讲主要集中在他所说的希拉里·克林顿的“犯罪行为”上。他说，他对其犯罪“范围之广”感到震惊。

克林顿的共和党对手指称，巨额捐款人曾利用该基金会与时任国务卿克林顿或她的高层助理进行特别接触。

克林顿对于这个指控一直予以否认。一批新披露的电邮显示，虽然她的一些助理被请求提供帮助，但没有证据表明他们这么做了或克林顿本人参与其中。

比尔·克林顿上星期宣布，如果他的妻子当选为美国总统，该基金会将改变其运作方式。它将停止接受外国和企业捐款，比尔·克林顿本人也将从董事会辞职。

但是这些都不能令川普满意。星期一，他要求关闭该基金会，并称“它是美国政治历史上最腐败的机构”。川普指责克林顿夫妇关心更多的是捐赠人以及他们自己的银行账户，而不是美国人民。

Trump Demands Special Prosecutor Investigate Clinton Foundation

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is demanding that an independent special prosecutor immediately investigate Hillary and Bill Clinton's Clinton Foundation, saying the FBI cannot be trusted to do the job.

Trump spent much of a Monday campaign speech in Akron, Ohio on what he describes as the "vast scope" of Hillary Clinton's "criminality," saying he is shocked by it.

Clinton's Republican opponents allege that big donors to the charitable foundation used it to get special access to Clinton or her top aides when she was secretary of state.

Clinton has always denied the charge. Newly released e-mails show that while some Clinton aides were asked for favors, there is no evidence that they were granted or that Clinton herself was involved.

Bill Clinton announced last week the foundation will change the way it does business if his wife is elected. It will stop accepting foreign and corporate donations and Bill Clinton himself will resign from its board, he said.

None of this has satisfied Trump. He demanded Monday that the foundation be shut down, calling it 'the most corrupt enterprise in political history," and accusing the Clintons themselves of caring more about donors and their own bank accounts than the American people.