哥伦比亚国会批准政府与反政府武装签署的和平协议

哥伦比亚国会星期三批准了政府与反政府武装组织－哥伦比亚革命武装力量的和平协议，结束长达50多年的武装冲突。

哥伦比亚国会众议院星期三以130票赞成零票反对通过协议，而参议院星期二就以75比零票通过。

前总统乌里韦领导的政党成员在参、众两院的投票中都中途退场以示抗议。乌里韦批评和平协议对哥伦比亚革命武装力量成员，特别是领导层过于宽大，而且协议只需国会通过，不用再进行全民公决。

此前一版的和平协议在上个月哥伦比亚全民公决中被否决，导致政府与反政府力量重新谈判，进行了50多项改动。协议得到国会批准后，7千多名哥伦比亚革命武装力量成员将在随后的六个月里交出武器。

哥伦比亚总统桑托斯说：“明天将开始一个新时代。”桑托斯上个月由于推动和平协议的努力而获得了诺贝尔和平奖。双方为结束这场导致22万多人丧生，数百万人流离失所的武装冲突进行了长达四年的和平谈判。

Colombia's Congress Approves FARC Peace Deal

Colombia's Congress on Wednesday approved a peace deal between the government and the rebel group known as FARC to end more than 50 years of war.

The lower house voted 130-0 in favor of the agreement, a day after members of the Senate backed it by a margin of 75-0.

Members of former President Alvaro Uribe's party walked out in protest in both chambers. He has criticized the peace deal as being too lenient on FARC members, particularly the group's leadership, as well as the sole authority given to lawmakers to approve this version instead of putting approval to a national referendum.

A previous version failed a referendum last month, prompting more than 50 changes to the document.

Congressional approval sets off a six-month process during which the more than 7,000 FARC rebels will hand over their weapons.

"Tomorrow a new era begins," said President Juan Manuel Santos, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last month for his efforts to negotiate the truce. Peace negotiations have stretched on for four years in the effort to end the conflict that has killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions.

川普开启“答谢之旅”

美国当选总统川普星期四要在俄亥俄州辛辛那提举办一个与竞选造势活动类似的集会，开启他所说的“答谢之旅”。在前往辛辛那提之前，川普走访印第安纳州，宣传与开利空调制造厂达成的一项协议，根据该协议，开利会将大约一千个工作机会留在美国。

在这次总统大选中，俄亥俄州是帮助川普战胜前美国国务卿希拉里∙克林顿的重要摇摆州之一。目前还不清楚，川普的答谢之旅要具体走访哪些地方。

开利公司今年早些时候曾表示，为了节省开支准备将印第安纳的工厂搬走。该公司在星期三发表的声明中说，他们决定留下来的原因包括印第安纳州提供的财政优惠以及即将上任的川普政府承诺要“创造一个更好、更有竞争力的美国商业环境”。

开利公司的决定对川普来说是一次胜利。他在竞选中曾不断强调，作为总统他将尽力阻止企业向海外转移工作机会，并努力让已经外流的工作机会重新流回美国。

Trump Launches 'Thank You' Tour

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is embarking on what he is calling a "thank you tour" Thursday with a campaign-style rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, hours after he appears in Indiana to tout an agreement with air conditioner maker Carrier to keep about 1,000 jobs there.

Ohio was one of the key swing states that helped deliver Trump an election victory over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Trump has not detailed where else his tour will go.

Carrier said earlier this year it was relocating the Indiana operations as a cost-cutting move. The company said in a statement Wednesday that factors in its decision to stay included financial incentives from Indiana and a promise from the incoming Trump administration to "create an improved, more competitive U.S. business climate."

The deal is a win for Trump, who made frequent promises during his campaign for president that he would prevent companies from moving jobs outside the country, and bring back jobs that already have been lost.