夏洛特市连续第二晚发生暴力冲突

星期三晚上，在北卡罗来纳州的夏洛特市，抗议者们连续第二个晚上集会，抗议警察开枪打死一名非洲裔美国人，其间有一人被枪击。

北卡罗来纳州州长宣布夏洛特进入紧急状态，并且在该市部署了国民警卫队。

星期三晚上稍早时，游行活动还很和平，但后来身穿防爆服的警察和抗议者发生冲突，随后转为暴力。警察使用催泪瓦斯驱散人群。一些抗议者砸碎商店橱窗，在街道上纵火。

星期四凌晨局势已大体平静。

市政府最初说，星期三晚上，有一个人被另外一个市民而非警察开枪打死，但是之后又说此人身负重伤。夏洛特警察局说，4名警察也受了伤，但是没有生命危险。

在星期二第一个晚上的抗议活动中，有24人受伤，其中包括16名警察。

詹妮弗·罗伯茨市长呼吁大家保持冷静。她说，夏洛特一直是人们可以和平对话的地方。

抗议活动是对43岁的凯思·斯科特星期二在一栋公寓楼被警察击毙的回应。警方说，警察在寻找另外一个人时，看到斯科特手拿一把枪从一辆车子里出来，斯科特对警察屡次要求他放下枪的警告不予理睬后，警察便向他开了枪。斯科特的家人说，他手无寸铁，被枪击时手里只拿了一本书。目击者也说当时他的双手举在空中。

Charlotte Sees 2nd Night of Violence

One person was shot late Wednesday in the city of Charlotte, North Carolina, as protesters rallied for a second night in response to the police killing of an African-American man.

The governor of North Carolina declared a state of emergency in Charlotte and deployed National Guard troops in the city.

Early in the night there were peaceful marches, but they later turned violent with clashes erupting between police in riot gear and protesters. Officers fired tear gas to try to disperse crowds. Some people smashed store windows and set small fires in streets.

The situation was largely calm by the early hours of Thursday.

The city government initially said someone was killed Wednesday night when shot by another civilian, not police, but later said that person was critically injured. Charlotte's police department said four officers were also hurt, none with life-threatening injuries.

On Tuesday, the first night of protests, there were about 24 people injured, including 16 police officers.

Mayor Jennifer Roberts appealed for calm, saying Charlotte has always been a place where people can have peaceful dialogue.

The protest come in response to Tuesday's shooting of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott at an apartment complex. Police said officers were looking for someone else when they saw Scott come out of a car with a gun, and that the officer fired after Scott ignored warnings to drop it.

Scott's family says he was unarmed, and was instead carrying a book when he was shot. Witnesses said he had his hands in the air.

普京真有20亿美元的秘密资产吗？

据报道，一名俄罗斯银行家试图争论称，普京总统并没有巨额秘密财产，因为他“非常专注于他的工作”。

俄罗斯国有银行外贸银行(VTB)的首席行政官安德烈·科斯京(Andrey Kostin)在莫斯科接受美国全国广播公司财经频道(CNBC)的采访时，对《巴拿马文件》中泄露的有关普京的20亿美元的蛛丝马迹表示怀疑。

科斯京还说：“我不相信普京先生有20亿美元，因为即使他想要那么多钱，我都不知道他怎么花得掉。” 科斯京的采访片段被公布在CNBC的网站上。科斯京说，他不认为“赚取私人财富”是普京生活的重点，他还补充说，从来没有人看到过这位俄罗斯总统拥有这么多财富的证据。

以资产来计算，外贸银行是俄罗斯第二大银行，仅次于国营的联邦储蓄银行(Sberbank)。俄罗斯政府在外贸银行持有60.9%股权，但科斯京对政府干预银行运作的说法予以否认。

国际调查记者联盟(ICIJ)四月报道称，由普京好友进行的某些可疑付款有可能是作为换取俄罗斯政府援助或合同的回报。该组织称：“这些秘密文件显示，这些钱有很多源自于塞浦路斯的一家银行，而当时这家银行的大部分为俄罗斯国家控制的外贸银行所持有。”

这些文件还显示了10多年间数十起涉及与普京相关的人或公司的交易，包括普京的老朋友，大提琴演奏家谢尔盖·罗尔杜金(Sergei Roldugin)以及普京发言人德米特里·佩斯科夫(Dmitry Peskov)的妻子。普京承认和罗尔杜金之间有交易往来，但是说没有从事违法活动的证据。普京自2000年以来一直把持着克里姆林宫的权力。罗尔杜金对有人提出他充当了普京金钱和财产的保管人或流通管道的说法不予理会。

Has Putin Amassed $2 Billion in Secret Wealth?

A Russian banker has reportedly tried to argue that President Vladimir Putin does not have vast secret wealth because he is "very much dedicated to his job."

During an interview in Moscow with CNBC television, part of the U.S. NBC network, Russian banker Andrey Kostin cast doubt on a $2 billion money trail leading to Putin, as revealed in financial documents known as the Panama Papers.

Kostin, the chief executive of Russia's state-owned VTB bank, said, "I don't believe that Mr. Putin has $2 billion, because even if he wanted to have, I don't know how he is going to spend them,” Kostin said in a portion of the interview published online. The banker said he does not think that “earning private wealth" is one of Putin’s personal priorities, and that no one has ever seen evidence of such wealth possessed by the Russian president.

By assets, VTB Bank is Russia's second-biggest, after Sberbank, which also is state-owned. The government has a 60.9 percent stake in VTB, but Kostin denied the Kremlin has influenced his bank's operations.

The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) reported in April that suspicious payments made by “Putin’s cronies may have, in some cases, been intended as payoffs, possibly in exchange for Russian government aid or contracts.” The secret documents suggested that much of the money originally came from a bank in Cyprus, the ICIJ said, “that, at the time, was majority owned by the Russian state-controlled VTB Bank.”

The documents also showed dozens of transactions, over more than a decade, involving people or companies linked to Putin, who has been in power at the Kremlin since 2000. Among those identified in the document were Putin's long-time friend, cellist Sergei Roldugin, and the wife of Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov. Putin has admitted there were transactions between him and Roldugin, but said there was no evidence of illegal activity. Roldugin has dismissed any suggestion that he was either a custodian or a conduit for Putin's money or assets.