调查人员说纽约爆炸嫌疑人曾在eBay上购买炸弹组件

联邦调查人员说，星期六纽约和新泽西爆炸案的嫌疑人曾在eBay上购买制造炸弹的组件，并且把从一个商店中购买的手机用作触发装置。这个商店距离他曾登记为自己家庭地址的地方只有500米之远。

星期二公布的刑事起诉书包含了相关细节，并详述了对28岁的拉哈米的多项联邦指控。其中大多数被控罪行最高可判终身监禁。

当局星期一逮捕了拉哈米。之前，他与警察交火，导致他本人和两名警官受伤。

根据法庭文件，调查人员认为，拉哈米在6月20日到8月10日之间，使用eBay账户，以“艾哈迈德·拉希米”的用户名，购买了柠檬酸、一个电路板、电点火器和上百个球轴承。这些物品被邮寄到新泽西州珀斯安博伊的一家公司。拉哈米在那里一直工作到9月12日。

这些球轴承星期六晚上在纽约市切尔西街区的两个压力锅炸弹中被发现。两个炸弹之间相隔四条街，其中一个爆炸，炸伤29人，另一个原封不动地被找到。调查人员说，第二枚炸弹有“多个”电点火器。

Investigators Say New York Bomb Suspect Bought Parts on eBay

Federal investigators say the suspect in Saturday's bombings in New York and New Jersey bought components on eBay and used as triggering devices cell phones purchased from a store 500 meters from an address he once listed as his home.

The details are contained in criminal complaints made public Tuesday spelling out multiple federal charges against 28-year-old Ahmad Khan Ramani. Most of the charges carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.

Authorities arrested Ramani on Monday after an exchange of gunfire with police that left him and two officers wounded.

According to the court documents, investigators believe Ramani used an eBay account with the username "ahmad rahimi" to buy citric acid, a circuit board, electric igniters and hundreds of ball bearings between June 20 and August 10. The items were shipped to a business in Perth Amboy, New Jersey where Ramani worked until September 12.

Ball bearings were found in two pressure cooker bombs placed four blocks apart in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York late Saturday. One of them exploded, injuring 29 people, while the other was recovered intact. Investigators said the second bomb had "numerous" electric igniters.

美国总统候选人辩论话题揭晓

美国民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿和共和党总统候选人唐纳德·川普下星期一将举行首场辩论，辩论会主持人披露了辩论的三项话题。

这场辩论将分成三个话题，每项话题包含两小节，每小节15分钟。三项话题分别是：美国的方向、实现繁荣和保障美国安全。

辩论主持人、全国广播公司夜间新闻(NBC Nightly News)主播莱斯特·霍尔特将用一道问题来为每一小节开场，接下来，每位候选人将有两分钟的回应时间。候选人还有机会彼此回应。

第三党候选人吉尔·斯泰因和加里·约翰逊没有受邀参加辩论，因为在总统辩论委员会上个月选择参考的五项民调中，他们没有达到15%民意支持率的最低门槛。

US Presidential Debate Topics Announced

The moderator of the first presidential debate next Monday has revealed the three topics to be discussed by presidential candidates Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.

The debate will consist of two 15-minute segments for each of these three topics: America's direction, achieving prosperity and securing America.

Moderator Lester Holt, host of “NBC Nightly News,” will open each segment with a question, after which each candidate will have two minutes to respond. Candidates also will have the opportunity to respond to each other.

Third-party candidates Jill Stein of the Green Party and Libertarian Gary Johnson were not invited to the debate because they did not reach the required threshold of support by averaging at least 15 percent in five public opinion polls the Commission on Presidential Debates selected last month.