彭斯接受共和党副总统候选人提名

印第安纳州州长彭斯周三晚上接受了共和党副总统候选人的提名，正式成为总统候选人川普的竞选搭档。

彭斯称赞川普是“赢得全国关注”的候选人，批评民主党候选人希拉里·克林顿的参选是奥巴马总统政策的延续。

当晚早些时候，前共和党总统参选人克鲁兹也在俄亥俄州克利夫兰的共和党代表大会上发表讲话，但是他没有对川普表示支持。他讲话接近尾声时一大部分时间都被会场群众的嘘声所淹没，但是当川普出现在会场后，人群中又爆发出一片掌声。

前众议院议长金里奇在演讲中强调了对恐怖主义的担忧，他把川普说成是能够确保安全的最佳候选人。

川普将在星期四共和党全国代表大会的最后一天发表讲话。

希拉里·克林顿将在下周被提名为民主党总统候选人。

Mike Pence Accepts Nomination as Republican Vice Presidential Candidate

Indiana Governor Mike Pence accepted the Republican Party's nomination for vice president Wednesday night, officially joining the ticket with presidential nominee Donald Trump.

He praised Trump as the candidate "who has captured the nation's attention" and criticized Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's candidacy as an extension of the policies of President Barack Obama.

Earlier in the night, former presidential candidate Ted Cruz spoke to the convention in Cleveland, Ohio, but did not give an endorsement of Trump. The crowd in the arena drowned out much of the end of the Cruz speech with boos, only to erupt again in applause as Trump made an appearance.

Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich used his time at the podium to highlight fears about terrorism and portrayed Trump as the candidate best able to guarantee security.

Trump gets his turn before the convention on Thursday, its final day.

Clinton will be nominated at the Democratic convention next week.

韩国总统为部署反导系统提出辩护

韩国总统朴槿惠为她做出的在韩国东南半岛部署美国建造的导弹防御体系的决定进行辩护，与此同时，反对这一决定的抗议活动仍在继续。

星期四，朴槿惠在主持召开全国安全委员会会议时表示，朝鲜日益增加的弹道导弹能力使韩国政府除了在星州郡部署末段高空区域防御系统（萨德）外别无选择。

这个决定激起了星州郡居民的愤怒抗议。他们担心这个雷达系统有可能给健康和环境造成危害。该郡数千名居民星期四在首尔举行了大规模示威。

朴槿惠警告说，反对部署萨德计划有可能导致韩国人的“分裂”和“困惑”，从而给朝鲜以可趁之机。

朝鲜星期二早上从西部华城市发射了三枚弹道导弹，导弹飞行500到600公里后坠入朝鲜半岛东部沿海。一个星期前，平壤威胁说，要对韩国部署萨德系统进行报复。

South Korean President Defends Anti-Missile Defense Plan

South Korean President Park Geun-hye is defending her decision to deploy a U.S.-built missile defense system on the country's southeastern peninsula, as protests against the plan continue.

Chairing a meeting of the National Security Council Thursday, President Park said North Korea's growing ballistic missile capabilities left the government no choice but to deploy the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense system, or THAAD, in Seongju county.

The decision has sparked angry protests by residents in Seongju, fearing possible hazards to health and the environment from the radar-based system. Thousands of Seongju residents held a massive demonstration in Seoul Thursday.

Park warned that opposition to the plan to deploy the THAAD system could lead South Koreans "divided" and "confused," which could play right into North Korea's hands.

North Korea launched three ballistic missiles from the western city of Hwangu early Tuesday that flew between 500 and 600 kilometers before falling into the sea off the east coast of the Korean peninsula. The missile launches came a week after Pyongyang threatened to retaliate against Seoul over the deployment of the THAAD system.