联合国安理会强烈谴责朝鲜发射导弹

朝鲜最近发射弹道导弹后，联合国安理会迅速对其进行了强烈谴责，并威胁在必要时采取“进一步的重大措施”。

由15个国家组成的安理会星期二召开紧急会议后不久发表一致声明称，平壤星期一发射的三枚“ 芦洞 “导弹”严重违反了一系列安理会决议规定的朝鲜所需履行的国际义务”。这三枚导弹飞行了一千多公里，最后落入日本的防空识别区。

安理会本月轮值主席、新西兰常驻联合国代表范博希曼说：“安理会成员谴责朝鲜所有的弹道导弹活动，包括这次弹道导弹的发射。这类活动是朝鲜在发展核武器发射系统，它们导致了局势紧张。”

安理会迅速达成一致声明或许是北京对其无赖盟友日益不满的迹象。本星期的发射正值中国在二十国集团峰会上招待世界领导人。

安理会成员国警告朝鲜“在今后行动上收敛，包括违反相关安理会决议的核试验，同时充分履行那些协议规定的义务。”安理会下令监督制裁的委员会加大工作力度，以便制裁措施得以执行，并且敦促各国加倍努力落实安理会决议中列出的措施。

安理会星期二在美国、日本和韩国的要求下举行闭门会议。星期二早些时候，美国总统奥巴马和韩国总统朴槿惠在老挝召开的东盟峰会间隙举行了会晤。朴槿惠称导弹试验“从根本上具有威胁性”。奥巴马表示导弹发射“具有挑衅意味”。

UN Security Council Denounces N. Korean Missile Launches

The U.N. Security Council has swiftly and strongly condemned North Korea’s latest ballistic missile launches and threatened to take “further significant measures” if necessary.

The 15-nation council agreed on the statement Tuesday, just hours after it met in emergency session. It unanimously said Pyongyang’s launches on Monday of three Rodong missiles that traveled 1,000 kilometers before landing in Japan’s air defense identification zone were “a grave violation of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s international obligations” under a series of Security Council resolutions.

“The members of the Security Council deplore all the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s ballistic missile activities, including these launches,” said New Zealand’s Ambassador Gerard van Bohemen, who is president of the council this month. Such activities "contribute to the DPRK’s development of nuclear weapons delivery systems, and they raise tension.”

The council’s swift agreement on the statement could be a sign of Beijing’s growing frustration with its rogue ally. This week’s launches notably occurred while China was hosting world leaders at the G-20 summit.

Council members warned North Korea to “refrain from further actions, including nuclear tests, in violation of the relevant Security Council resolutions," and to comply fully with Pyongyang's obligations under those resolutions. The council ordered the committee that oversees sanctions to intensify its work to enforce those measures and urged states to redouble their efforts to implement measures laid out in council resolutions.

The council met Tuesday behind closed doors at the urgent request of the U.S., Japan and South Korea. Earlier Tuesday, President Barack Obama and South Korean President Park Geun-hye met on the sidelines of the ASEAN summit in Laos. Park called the missile tests "fundamentally threatening." Obama said they were "provocative."

川普：美国人不能承担难民潮的风险

共和党总统候选人川普星期二说，美国人“心胸宽阔”，但不能“承担难民带来的风险”。

川普在维吉尼亚州的维吉尼亚海滩面对一群拥军人士，回答了他坚定的支持者、退休将军麦克·福林的提问。

川普说，在美国弄清楚“怎么一回事”之前，不能允许成千上万来自中东和南亚的难民进入这个国家。

他说，移民给德国和法国带来了灾难，造成犯罪活动的增加。但是，德国警方说，叙利亚人、阿富汗人和伊拉克人从事的犯罪在数量上要比寻求庇护的其它族群少很多。

川普指责民主党总统候选人希拉里•克林顿希望被允许进入美国的移民人数增加5倍，称这是“不能接受的”。川普说，克林顿和奥巴马总统希望非法移民享受比美国退伍军人更好的待遇。

他说，伊朗和美国以及其它5个世界大国签署的核协议，使伊朗一夜之间变成了一个“世界大国。”

川普抨击国务卿克里谈判达成了一个他所说的“愚蠢的”协议，并说由于奥巴马和克林顿的无能，伊朗和伊斯兰国将分享伊拉克的石油。

克林顿在佛罗里达州的坦帕说，是川普自己对美国军人置之不理，并称他的竞选对身穿军装保护美国价值观的人们是“一大侮辱。”

她说，川普拥有的公司将那些抽出时间履行其军事义务的退伍军人解雇。她还提醒选民川普曾和一名穆斯林美国士兵的父母发生公开争执，这名士兵在伊拉克被一名自杀炸弹杀手杀害。

Trump: Americans Cannot Risk a Flow of Refugees

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Tuesday that the American people have "big hearts" but cannot "take the risk of refugees."

Trump answered questions before a primarily pro-military crowd in Virginia Beach, Virginia with retired General Michael Flynn, a strong Trump supporter, doing the asking.

Trump said the U.S. could not allow thousands of refugees from the Mideast and South Asia into the country until it knew "what's going on."

He said migrants had been a disaster for Germany and France, because of an increase in crime. But German police have said the numbers of crimes committed by Syrians, Afghans and Iraqis are much lower than acts committed by other groups seeking asylum.

Trump accused Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of wanting a 500 percent increase in the number of migrants allowed to enter the country, calling it "unacceptable," and said Clinton and President Barack Obama wanted to treat illegal immigrants better than U.S. military veterans.

He said the nuclear deal Iran signed with the United States and five other world powers turned Iran itself into a "world power" overnight.

He assailed Secretary of State John Kerry for negotiating what he called a "dumb" deal, and said that thanks to what he called incompetence by Obama and Clinton, Iran and Islamic State militants would share Iraq's oil.

Appearing in Tampa, Florida, Clinton said it was Trump who had turned his back on U.S. service members, calling his campaign "one long insult" to those who have worn the uniform to protect American values.

She said Trump-owned companies had fired veterans who took time off to fulfill their military obligations. And she reminded voters of his public feud with the parents of a Muslim-American soldier killed by a suicide bomber in Iraq.