美国木星探测船传回第一张照片

美国国家航空航天局深空探测船朱诺进入环绕星轨道后向地球传送了第一张木星的照片。

美国航天局星期二公布的第一张照片显示了木星四颗最大卫星中的三颗卫星，分别是埃欧、欧罗巴和蓋尼米德。

朱诺在经历了5年、28亿公里的旅程后上星期进入木星轨道。地面控制人员当时特意将朱诺上的摄像机和其它设备一并关闭，防止这些设备在朱诺穿过木星辐射带时受到损伤。

朱诺探测船会在接下来的20个月里研究这颗离太阳距离排行第五、体积最大的行星，帮助科学家探索太阳系的起源，寻找木星大气层底下是否存在固体表面的证据。

朱诺摄像机预期下个月底将在离木星最近的时候拍摄传送第一批高清图片。

US Space Probe Sends First Picture of Jupiter from Orbit

NASA'S deep space probe Juno has sent back its first image of the planet Jupiter since arriving at the interstellar gas giant.

The U.S. space agency released a picture Tuesday showing Jupiter surrounded by three of its four largest moons — Io, Europa and Ganymeade.

Juno entered orbit around Jupiter last week after a five-year, 2.8 billion kilometer journey. Ground controllers deliberately kept the probe's camera — dubbed the JunoCam — and other instruments shut down as a precaution as Juno passed through Jupiter's extreme radiation environment.

The probe will spend the next 20 months studying the fifth — and biggest — planet in our solar system, to help scientists determine the foundations of our solar system, and to search for signs of a solid surface beneath its cloud-covered atmosphere.

The JunoCam is expected to send its first high-resolution images of Jupiter late next month, when the probe makes its next closest pass across the planet.

伊斯兰国组织在巴格达郊区再次发动自杀式炸弹袭击

伊拉克官员表示，巴格达以北一个警察检查站星期三发生汽车自杀炸弹袭击，至少8人丧生，11人受伤。一天前，同一地区发生过一起类似袭击事件。

据报道，袭击者驾驶装有炸药的汽车在多数居民为什叶派的阿尔什蒂亚区的警察检查站引爆了炸弹。袭击发生后不久，伊斯兰国组织发表声明，表示对这次袭击负责。

在星期二的袭击中，汽车自杀炸弹袭击者在人群拥挤的蔬果市场附近引爆炸弹，至少12人丧生。警方被迫关闭了巴格达附近的一些主要公路。

伊斯兰国组织的袭击行动最近越来越频繁，促使美国国防部长卡特本周早些时候承诺向伊拉克增派560名美军官兵，协助打击伊斯兰国恐怖组织。

IS Claims Another Suicide Bombing in Baghdad Suburb

At least eight people were killed and 11 more wounded Wednesday after a suicide bomber exploded his car at a police checkpoint north of Baghdad, Iraqi officials said, just a day after a similar deadly attack took place in the same district.

The bomber reportedly slammed his car, which was loaded with explosives, into the checkpoint in northeastern al-Rashidiya district, a predominantly Shiite neighborhood. The Islamic State group released a statement shortly after the attack claiming responsibility.

In the attack Tuesday, at least 12 people were killed after a suicide car bomber blew himself up near a crowded fruit and vegetable market. Police were forced to shut down several major roads around Baghdad as a result of the attack.

IS attacks have occurred with more frequency as of late, which prompted U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter earlier this week to commit 560 more U.S. troops to Iraq to help fight the terrorist group.