加莱“从林”难民营启动最后的拆除工作

法国加莱的“丛林”难民营星期四早上开始进行最后拆除。此前一天，有关当局宣布，该难民营已经完全清空。

工人用大型施工设备和机器拆除临时住所，有的住所星期三遭到被迫离开的难民的焚烧。

消防人员扑灭了难民放的火。这些难民有迁移时烧毁帐篷的传统。当局劝阻无效。

法国当局采取行动，清除这个象征欧洲难民危机的难民营，将难民营里在恶劣条件下生活的难民进行重新安置。

一位地方政府发言人表示，一名难民受轻伤送医。约100名难民星期二晚上和星期三早上从营区撤离。

法国当局表示，自星期一开始拆除难民营以来，已有约4000名难民被送往法国各地的难民接待中心。

Final Demolition Begins in Calais 'Jungle' Refugee Camp

Final demolition work began at the “jungle” refugee shelter in Calais, France, Thursday morning after authorities declared the camp empty a day earlier.

Workers used large construction equipment and machines to rip down the make-shift shelters, some of which had been badly burned by refugees setting fires Wednesday before they were forced to leave.

Firefighters put out blazes set by departing migrants who acted in keeping with a tradition of burning their tents, despite being told not to do so.

French authorities conducted the operation to clear what had become a symbol of Europe's refugee crisis and resettle migrants who had lived in dire conditions in the camp.

A spokesman for regional authorities said one migrant was hospitalized with minor injuries. About 100 migrants were evacuated Tuesday night and Wednesday morning.

French authorities say about 4,000 people have been transported to reception centers across France since dismantling of the Calais camp began Monday.

报告：野生动物自1970年以来减少近60%

动物保护团体发表的一份报告指出，1970年以来，全球野生动物数量由于人类活动而减少了近60%。

这项由世界自然基金会和伦敦动物学会联合撰写的报告警告说，如果任由这一趋势继续下去的话，到2020年的时候，全球哺乳动物，鸟类，鱼类，两栖动物和爬行动物的数量将减少三分之二，每年大约减少2%。

世界自然基金会总干事马克∙兰博蒂尼说，“野生动物正以前所未有的速度消失”。

报告说，野生动物大量减少的直接原因是人类发展。世界人口自1960年以来增长了一倍多，目前已增至约74亿，这种情况不发生改变的话，就意味着其他动物的栖息地和食物会一直减少下去，甚至造成一些动物的灭绝。

Report: Wildlife Populations down Nearly 60 Percent Since 1970

Wildlife populations across the globe have dropped nearly 60 percent since 1970 and human activity is to blame, according to a report released by conservation groups.

The joint report produced by the World Wildlife Fund and the Zoological Society of London warned that if the current trends continue, the decline in world populations of mammals, birds, fish, amphibians and reptiles could reach two-thirds by 2020, an annual loss of about two percent.

"Wildlife is disappearing within our lifetimes at an unprecedented rate," said Marco Lambertini, director general of WWF International.

According to the report, the drastic reduction in wildlife populations can be directly attributed to human development. A growing human population, which has more than doubled since 1960 to around 7.4 billion, means less room and food for other animals and could push them out of existence if changes aren’t made.