奥巴马：美国准备取消对缅甸的制裁

美国总统奥巴马宣布，美国准备取消对缅甸的经济制裁。此前，奥巴马与缅甸实际掌权的领导人昂山素季在白宫举行了会谈。

两位领导人星期三会谈后，在椭圆形办公室向媒体发表了讲话。奥巴马以缅甸出现的“卓越的社会和政治变革”为例说明，“美国现已准备好要取消长期以来对缅甸实施的制裁。”

早些时候，奥巴马致函美国国会，称政府将采取行动恢复对缅甸的贸易优惠，对缅甸的贸易优惠因为人权问题在20多年前被中止。

昂山素季站在奥巴马身边，亲自对奥巴马作为第一位美国总统访问缅甸表示感谢。她还感谢美国国会为恢复人权曾向缅甸政府施加压力。但是她说，现在是美国取消所有制裁的时候了。她说：“团结也需要繁荣，因为当人们不得不为有限资源而争斗时，他们就会忘记团结的重要性。”

她呼吁人们到缅甸观光和投资。她说：“我期待商人们到我们国家来赚取利润。”她说，她预计并期望缅甸议会通过一项吸引世界各国的新的投资法。

昂山素季承认，虽然缅甸在向民主过渡方面取得了进展，但是仍有“很多工作要做。”她以缅甸135个民族之间持续不断的紧张局势为例指出，她的政府目前关注的焦点是若开邦的局势，她说“族裔间的纷争不容忽视”。

Obama: US Prepared to Lift Sanctions on Myanmar

President Barack Obama has announced that the United States is prepared to lift economic sanctions on Myanmar, following talks at the White House with the country's de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.

After their meeting Wednesday, both leaders spoke to reporters in the Oval Office. Citing that country’s “remarkable social and political transformation,” Obama said, "The United States is now prepared to lift sanctions that we have imposed on Burma for quite some time.”

Earlier, he sent a letter to Congress saying the administration is moving to restore trade benefits to Myanmar that were suspended more than two decades ago because of human rights abuses.

Speaking alongside Obama, Aung San Suu Kyi thanked him personally for being the first U.S. president to visit Myanmar. She also thanked the Congress for putting pressure on Myanmar to restore human rights, but said the time has now come for the U.S. to lift all sanctions, saying, "But unity also needs prosperity, because people, when they have to fight over limited resources, forget that standing together is important."

She pleaded for people to visit and invest in the country, saying, “I expect businessmen to come to our country to make profits.” She said she expects Myanmar’s legislature to pass a new investment law she hopes will be very attractive to countries around the world.

Aung San Suu Kyi acknowledged that while Myanmar has made progress in its transition to democracy, there is "so much that has to be done." She cited continuing tensions among its 135 ethnic groups, and said her administration is focused on the situation in Rakhine state, saying "communal strife is not something we can ignore."

美奥运选手对个人医疗信息被俄罗斯泄漏做出回应

美国多名奥运选手在社交媒体上对俄罗斯黑客泄露他们得到豁免使用违禁药品的情况做出回应。

本周早些时候，黑客发布了从体操运动员西蒙·拜尔斯、网球明星大小威廉姆斯和篮球明星艾琳娜·戴勒·多恩的医疗记录中获取的保密信息。

金牌得主拜尔斯承认使用治疗注意力缺陷性多动症的哌甲酯。她在推特上发表声明，说她小时候被诊断患有注意力缺陷性多动症。她说，“我信奉无禁药体育，一直都遵守规则，也会继续这样做，因为公平比赛对体育和我自己都很重要。”

美国体操协会是美国管理体操项目的国家部门。该部门在推特上发表声明说，“拜尔斯得到了治疗用途的豁免”，拜尔斯“没有违反任何药检规定，包括在里约奥运会。”

维纳斯・威廉斯在推特上对自己的私人医疗信息被公开表示失望，并强调她一直遵守网球反禁药计划的规定。她写道，“我是主张竞技体育维持最高诚信的最有力支持者之一。”

US Olympic Athletes Respond to Russian Disclosures of Their Private Medical Information

Several U.S. Olympic athletes have taken to social media to respond to disclosures from Russian hackers that show they received exemptions to use banned drugs.

The hackers published confidential information earlier this week that was gleaned from the medical records of gymnast Simone Biles, tennis stars Serena and Venus Williams and basketball star Elena Delle Donne.

Biles, a gold medal winner, has acknowledged her use of Methylphenidate, a stimulant used to treat Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, or ADHD. In a statement on Twitter, Biles said she was diagnosed with ADHD as a child. "I believe in clean sport, have always followed the rules, and will continue to do so as fair play is critical to sport and is very important to me."

USA Gymnastics, the national governing body for the sport in the U.S., issued a statement on Twitter saying, "Biles was approved for a therapeutic-use exemption" and that Biles "has not broken any drug-testing regulations, including at the Olympic Games in Rio."

Venus Williams expressed disappointment on Twitter that her private medical information was disclosed and emphasized she has followed the rules established by the Tennis Anti-Doping Program. "I am one of the strongest supporters of maintaining the highest level of integrity in competitive sport," she wrote.