喀布尔外国人居住的宾馆发生爆炸

阿富汗首都一个宾馆星期一发生自杀炸弹袭击。一名警察和所有三名袭击者全部丧生。

喀布尔警察总长阿卜杜勒·拉希米说，星期一早上，在喀布尔机场以东的北门宾馆的安全墙外，一名自杀炸弹杀手引爆装载炸药的卡车后身亡。

北门宾馆住的是包括美国人在内的外籍合同工。

警方说，整个喀布尔市都有震感，爆炸导致该市大面积断电。

拉希米说，另外两名袭击者试图进入宾馆，但是警方向他们开火，迫使其在附近一个场地藏身。袭击者在随后持续几小时的战斗中被击毙。在交火过程中，一名警官身亡，其他三人受伤。

塔利班声称对袭击负责。

Blast Strikes Kabul Guest House Used by Foreigners

A suicide bomb attack on a hotel compound in Afghanistan's capital ended Monday with the deaths of one policeman and all three attackers.

Kabul's police chief General Abdul Rahman Rahimi said one suicide bomber died when he blew up his explosives-laden truck Monday morning outside the security wall of the Northgate Hotel, just east of the Kabul airport.

The Northgate houses foreign contractors, including Americans.

Police say the explosion was felt throughout Kabul and knocked out power across much of the city.

Rahimi said two other attackers tried to enter the hotel, but police fired on them, forcing them to take shelter in a nearby compound. The attackers were killed in an ensuing battle that lasted for several hours. One police officer was killed and three others wounded in the exchange of fire.

The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack.

马来西亚开始执行新安全法

马来西亚星期一开始实施新的安全法。

批评人士说，新法给予纳吉布总理广泛的紧急授权，它有可能被用来践踏人权。

新法允许纳吉布在他认为存在安全威胁的任何情况下暂停公民自由。

国际特赦组织东南亚和太平洋区域副主任班奈迪克特说：“政府现在摒弃了制约，有可能滥用权力。”

联合国人权区域办事处说，它对这个法律有可能纵容侵犯人权，导致“不公正地限制”言论和集会自由的情况发生表示“严重关切”。

新法律的通过正值纳吉布总理深陷腐败丑闻之际。批评人士把该法的实施看作是纳吉布把持权力的一个手段。

New Security Laws Launched in Malaysia

New security laws went into effect Monday in Malaysia.

Critics say the new measures give Prime Minister Najib Razak sweeping emergency powers which could be used to trample on human rights.

The new law enables Najib to suspend civil liberties whenever he believes there is a security threat.

Josef Benedict, Amnesty International's deputy director for South East Asia and the Pacific, said ". . . the government now has spurned checks and assumed potentially abusive power."

The United Nations human rights regional office said it was "gravely concerned" that the laws may encourage human rights violations and lead to "unjust restrictions" on free speech and assembly.

The new legislation was passed as the prime minister is embroiled in a corruption scandal. Critics see the new laws as a way for Najib to hold on to power.