欧盟考虑在利比亚执行安全使命

欧盟成员国外长和国防部长星期一晚间将在卢森堡举行会谈，讨论向的黎波里派遣安全人员的计划，帮助利比亚新组建的团结政府训练警察和边防人员。

只有得到利比亚全国团结政府的邀请，欧盟才能执行这项安全使命。计划第一阶段的实施将只限于首都的黎波里。

利比亚的稳定日益迫切。外界担心人口偷运者会利用利比亚的混乱局面，今年将会有多达27万移民从利比亚经由地中海前往意大利，让欧洲移民危机雪上加霜。

此外，西方国家越来越担心伊斯兰国一个分支组织在利比亚的壮大。美国官员对美国之音说，估计该分支目前已拥有6000名战斗人员，大多是突尼斯人和撒哈拉以南的非洲人。

利比亚政府还没有对欧盟的这项安全使命表示认可。

EU Ponders Security Mission for Libya

European Union foreign and defense ministers will meet late Monday in Luxembourg to discuss a plan to send security personnel to Tripoli to help train police and border guards for Libya’s new unity government.

The security mission will only go ahead if requested by the Libyan Government of National Accord. Its first phase is to be restricted just to the Libyan capital, Tripoli.

There is a growing urgency for Libya to be stabilized, with anxiety mounting that people-smugglers will exploit the chaos in the country and as many as 270,000 migrants may seek to travel across the Mediterranean from Libya to Italy this year. That would prompt a new phase in a migration crisis roiling Europe.

Western fears are rising also about the expansion of an affiliate of the Islamic State terror group in Libya. U.S. officials told VOA they estimate the affiliate now has 6,000 fighters, mainly Tunisians and sub-Saharan Africans.

The Libyan government has not given the green-light for the security mission.

也门交战双方准备再次和谈

也门交战各方特使在科威特，星期一准备恢复联合国斡旋的和平谈判，争取结束持续18个月的冲突。也门的武装冲突已导致6000多人丧生。

伊朗支持的胡塞反政府武装和得到以沙特为首的联盟空袭支援的亲政府军队之间的冲突，同时也让也门这个该地区最贫穷的国家爆发了人道危机。

也门外长马利克在星期一举行和谈之前表示，愿意接受包容所有派别的政治过渡。

胡塞反政府武装也暗示愿意和解。该组织发言人萨拉姆敦促在特定过渡期内组建一个各方都能接受的政府，解决所有政治分歧。

联合国去年曾斡旋了两轮和谈，但都未成功。

Yemen's Warring Sides Gather for Another Try at Peace

Envoys from Yemen's warring parties are in Kuwait to resume U.N.-brokered peace talks Monday aimed at ending an 18-month conflict that has killed more than 6,000 people.

The fighting between Iran-backed Houthi rebels and pro-government forces that include Saudi-led coalition airstrikes has also created a humanitarian crisis in the region's poorest country.

"We are ready for a political transition which excludes no one," Yemen Foreign Minister Abdel Malek said ahead of Monday's talks.

The Houthis also hinted at reconciliation, with spokesman Mohammed Abdul-Salam using Kuwaiti media to call for "a consensus authority during a definite transitional phase to decide every political dispute."

The U.N. sponsored two rounds of peace talks last year, neither successful.