奥巴马：我们将对外国干预美国选举采取行动

美国总统奥巴马说，美国将针对俄罗斯或其他试图干预美国选举的国家政府采取行动。

奥巴马总统接受美国公共广播电台采访时说：“毫无疑问，当外国政府试图影响美国选举的时候，我们需要采取行动，我们会采取行动。“

美国中央情报局得出结论，俄罗斯黑客袭击了民主党总部电脑系统，泄漏对希拉里∙克林顿不利的电子邮件，目的显然是帮助共和党人唐纳德∙川普赢得总统大选的胜利。

白宫高级官员说，这样的行动如果没有俄罗斯总统普京的参与或知情是不可能发生的。

奥巴马总统在采访中表示，美国情报部门还在进行各方面的评估，他在等待最终报告，说明都有哪些人参与，以及他们幕后的动机。

Obama: 'We Will' Take Action on Foreign Government that Meddled in US Election

President Barack Obama says the United States will take action against Russia or any other foreign government that tries to meddle in U.S. elections.

"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections...we need to take action. And we will," the president told National Public Radio in an interview.

The CIA has concluded that Russian hackers broke into the Democratic Party computers to leak potentially embarrassing emails about the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign with the apparent aim of helping Republican Donald Trump win last month's election.

Top White House officials say such a thing could not have happened without Russian President Vladimir Putin's involvement or direct knowledge.

Obama told NPR that there is still a "whole range of assessments" going on among U.S. intelligence agencies, and he is waiting for a final report on exactly who was involved and why they did it.

选举人团里的反川普力量面临巨大挑战

一个多月前，唐纳德∙川普击败希拉里∙克林顿，结束了一场竞争激烈的总统选战。

然而，美国各州538个选举团成员下周一投票后，这一大选结果才算正式生效，也就是说，这些选举人才能最后决定谁入主白宫。

美国的选举人团投票基本上是走过场，通常没有多少人会关注。但是今年大不相同，反川普势力仍试图利用选举人团投票这一程序来扭转大选结果，阻止川普成为总统。

虽然可能性不大，但选举人团的投票还是给今年本已难以预测的选举又注入了新的变数。

目前，一个名叫汉密尔顿选举人团的组织正在鼓动选举人不按照大选结果投票。汉密尔顿是美国国父之一，也是选举人团制度的主要设计者。汉密尔顿和其他国父们设计的选举人团制度是总统直接选举和国会选择总统之间的一个妥协方案。

汉密尔顿选举人团组织强调，这个制度还有一个意义，那就是防止不适合当总统的人坐上总统宝座。

如果川普得到所有他获胜的那些州的选举人票，那么他应该得到306张选举人票，远超过成为总统需要的270张。要改变选举结果，就必须有37个本该投票给川普的共和党选举人放弃川普。到目前为止只有一个人公开表示要这样做。

Anti-Trump Electoral College Revolt Faces Steep Odds

It's been over a month since Donald Trump pulled off an upset victory over Hillary Clinton, bringing an end to one of the most contentious presidential campaigns in U.S. history.

The result won't be official until Monday, when the 538 members of the Electoral College meet at statehouses across the country to cast their votes -- the ones that will actually decide the next president.

The Electoral College serves as a formality and usually receives little attention. But this year, there is a last-ditch effort to use the Electoral College to deny Trump the presidency.

It's a long shot, but the electoral revolt is injecting one last bit of uncertainty into an election that has been one of the most unpredictable ever.

The drive is being encouraged by a group called the Hamilton Electors, named after Alexander Hamilton, a U.S. founding father who was one of the Electoral College's main architects. Hamilton and the other founding fathers devised the Electoral College as a compromise between those who wanted a direct presidential election and those who wanted Congress to choose the president.

The system was also meant to serve as a safeguard against those unfit for the presidency, a point emphasized by the Hamilton Electors.

If Trump gets all the electoral votes from the states where he won the popular vote, he will have 306 electoral votes, well over the 270 needed for a simple majority. That means for the electoral revolt to succeed, 37 Republicans who are scheduled to vote for Trump would have to abandon him. So far, only one Republican elector has publicly pledged to do so.