前科特迪瓦总统在国际刑事法院出庭受审

前科特迪瓦总统巴博星期四在国际刑事法院出庭受审，他被控犯有战争罪。

巴博是在海牙受审的第一个前国家元首，他被控在2010年持续4个月的武装冲突中犯有强奸和谋杀等反人类罪。2010年的冲突导致3000人死亡。检察官说，现年70岁的巴博在总统选举中败给对手瓦塔拉后，为了继续掌权而发动战争。

科特迪瓦前宗主国法国派军队恢复科特迪瓦的秩序，并逮捕了巴博，武装冲突终告结束。

审判开始前，数以百计的示威者聚集在国际刑事法院外面，以示对巴博的支持。

国际刑事法院也向被控犯有反人类罪的巴博的妻子席蒙发出逮捕令，但她已于去年被一个科特迪瓦法庭判处20年监禁。

Former Ivory Coast Leader Goes on Trial at ICC

The war crimes trial of former Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo began Thursday at the International Criminal Court.

Gbagbo, the first former head of state to be tried at The Hague, is facing charges of crimes against humanity, including rape and murder, for the four month-long conflict in 2010 that left 3,000 people dead. Prosecutors say the 70-year-old Gbagbo launched the war to cling to power, despite losing the presidential election to his rival, Alassane Ouattara.

The conflict finally ended after France, Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler, sent in troops to restore order and arrest Gbagbo.

Hundreds of demonstrators gathered outside the ICC headquarters before the start of the trial to show their support for Gbagbo.

The ICC also has a warrant for the former president's wife, Simone, on charges of crimes against humanity. She was sentenced last year to a 20-year prison sentence by an Ivorian court.

瑞典拒绝接受数万名庇护申请者

瑞典说，准备将去年潮水般涌入瑞典的难民里的大约八万人递解出境。

这个数字占为逃离叙利亚、伊拉克和阿富汗战争而进入瑞典的16万3千人的一半。瑞典内政部长安德斯·耶格曼星期四告诉一家瑞典报纸说，庇护申请被拒绝后，这些人将被递解出境。申请被拒者可自愿离境，否则将被强制遣送出境。

瑞典长期实行边境开放政策，因而成为难民首选目的地之一。但是数量庞大的难民潮迫使瑞典重新实行边界控制，并对新来的人进行身份检查。

与此同时，希腊萨摩斯岛星期四发现至少18具难民尸体。他们所乘船只翻覆后溺水而亡。当局说，有10人获救，大部分死者是儿童。

希腊科斯岛沿海翻船事件后，星期三发现七具移民尸体，其中包括两名儿童。

去年一百多万来自战乱国的人涌入欧洲，导致二战以来欧洲大陆最严重的移民危机。很多移民都是从土耳其出发，冒险乘船驶过爱琴海后抵达希腊的。

Sweden to Reject Tens of Thousands Asylum Seekers

Sweden says it preparing to deport about 80,000 asylum seekers who entered the country in record waves last year.

The numbers represent half of the 163,000 people who crossed into Sweden escaping wars in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. Interior Minister Anders Ygeman told a Swedish newspaper Thursday the refugees will be expelled because the applications for asylum were being rejected. The rejected applicants will be able to leave voluntarily, or forcibly sent back home.

Sweden was a top destination for refugees because of its long-standing open borders policy. But the sheer numbers of refugees have forced Stockholm to impose border controls and identification checks on new arrivals.

Meanwhile, the bodies of at least 18 migrants who drowned when their boat capsized were recovered Thursday off the coast of the Greek island of Samos. Authorities say 10 people were rescued. Most of the fatalities were children.

The bodies of seven migrants -- two of them children -- were recovered Wednesday after their boat capsized off the island of Kos.

More than one million people from war-torn nations flooded into Europe last year, making it the continent's worst migration crisis since World War II. Many of those arrived in Greece after making a dangerous voyage from Turkey across the Aegean Sea.