法防长对击败伊斯兰国表示乐观

法国国防部长德里安星期四说，消灭伊斯兰国恐怖组织的“条件正在形成”。

德里安表示，他第一次对此感到乐观。

法国是美国领导的联盟成员，对伊拉克和叙利亚境内的伊斯兰国目标进行空中打击；与此同时，当地的武装力量和其他友盟团体则在地面与激进分子展开战斗。

德里安说，自2014年以来，伊斯兰国控制的地区缩小了30%至40%。他强调指出，联盟的目标是在年底之前将激进分子赶出伊拉克北部城市摩苏尔和叙利亚城市拉卡。拉卡是伊斯兰国指挥中心的所在地。

美国总统奥巴马星期一说，他预计到今年年底，最终收复摩苏尔的条件就会成熟。

French Defense Minister 'Optimistic' About Islamic State's Defeat

French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Thursday "conditions are coming together" to eradicate the Islamic State group.

He said that for the first time he is optimistic.

France is part of the U.S.-led coalition carrying out airstrikes against Islamic State targets in both Iraq and Syria, while local forces and allied groups fight the militants on the ground.

Le Drian said Islamic State has lost 30 to 40 percent of its territory since June 2014. He also highlighted the coalition's goal of pushing the militants out of Iraq's northern city of Mosul and the group's de facto capital in Raqqa, Syria by the end of the year.

U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday that his expectation for the end of 2016 is that conditions will be in place for the eventual recapture of Mosul.

世界各国领导人将签署气候协议

世界各国领导人星期五将在联合国采取具有历史意义的行动，争取减缓气候变化带来的影响，并弥补气候变化造成的一些破坏。

来自130多个国家的60多位总统、总理以及高层官员将在纽约签署去年在巴黎达成的气候协议。

巴黎气候协议的目标是将全球气温升高的幅度限制在2摄氏度以内。该协议还制定了削减温室气体排放量以及遏制全球变暖影响的行动方针。

世界各国领导人在巴黎拟定了协议细节，星期五将在纽约签署协议，展示开始执行协议的意愿。

联合国秘书长潘基文赞扬巴黎气候协议是国际社会对气候变化做出反应的“转折点”。

中国和美国的代表将出席签署仪式。美中两国运用其政治影响力，敦促尽早落实协议规定。美国和中国的温室气体排放量占世界总量的40%左右。

World Leaders to Sign Climate Accord

On Friday, world leaders will take historic action at the United Nations to try to slow the effects of climate change and fix some of its damage.

More than 60 presidents and prime ministers, as well as dozens of other top officials from more than 130 countries will gather in New York to sign the climate change deal reached in Paris in December.

The agreement works to limit global temperature rise to well below 2 degrees Celsius. It also lays out a road map for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and mitigating the effects of a warming planet.

While leaders hammered out the details in Paris, in New York Friday they will sign and signal their readiness to start implementing the agreement.

U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon hailed the Paris accord as a “turning point” in the world's response to climate change.

China and the United States – which together account for about 40 percent of the world’s emissions -- will be represented at the signing ceremony. They have been using their political influence to urge an early implementation of the accord.