欧盟与土耳其讨论缓解移民危机问题

欧盟领导人星期一会见土耳其领导人，讨论如何减缓移民涌入欧洲的势头。目前有数以千计的移民仍滞留在希腊和马其顿边界地区。

星期一在布鲁塞尔召开紧急会议之前，欧盟的外交官们表示，即将宣布一项关于关闭巴尔干地区移民通道的欧盟协议草案。

马其顿以北各国已经关闭了边界，阻止主要来自叙利亚、阿富汗和伊拉克的移民前往德国和斯堪迪纳维亚国家。

2015年年初以来，已有将近100万人渡海抵达希腊。面对这种局面，欧洲领导人希望说服土耳其阻止移民采用危险通道，同时重新接纳被欧盟国家拒绝提供庇护的移民。

土耳其收容大量难民，光是来自叙利亚的就有270多万人。土耳其因此承受着为难民提供服务的巨大负担。

EU Looks to Turkey to Ease Migrant Crisis

European Union leaders meet with their Turkish counterparts Monday to discuss efforts to slow the flow of migrants traveling to Europe as thousands of people remained stranded at the Greece-Macedonia border.

EU diplomats said ahead of Monday's emergency meeting in Brussels that a draft EU agreement was set to declare the closure of the Balkan migration route.

Countries from Macedonia on north have shut their borders, preventing people mainly from Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq from traveling on toward Germany and Scandinavian nations.

The influx of nearly 1 million people arriving by sea in Greece since the beginning of 2015 has European leaders looking to persuade Turkey to both keep migrants from taking the dangerous route and also take back thousands who don't qualify for EU asylum.

Turkey is hosting more than 2.7 million refugees from Syria alone, and has struggled with the burden of providing services.

菲律宾反叛组织警告伊斯兰国势力增长

为争取在菲律宾南部实行自治而战斗的主要穆斯林反叛组织领导人警告说，伊斯兰国不久就会在该地区建立据点的行动中占据上风。

摩罗伊斯兰解放阵线首领艾布拉希姆星期一在吉隆坡对记者说，菲律宾议会拒绝批准该组织与阿基诺政府在2014年达成的和平协议，而伊斯兰国可能会利用棉兰老地区的穆斯林因此而产生的不满情绪。

在马来西亚斡旋下达成的和平协议规定，穆斯林少数族裔可以享有更大自治权，作为交换条件，摩罗伊斯兰解放阵线将结束持续40年的反叛活动。这期间有10万多人死于武装冲突。

艾布拉希姆说，摩罗伊斯兰解放阵线不会放弃争取自治家园的武装斗争，但只要和平进程还存在成功的希望，该组织就不会重走暴力之路。

Philippine Rebels Warn of Rising Islamic State Influence

The leader of the main Muslim rebel group fighting for autonomy in the southern Philippines warns the Islamic State could soon gain the upper hand in establishing a foothold in the region.

Murad Ebrahim, who chairs the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), told reporters in Kuala Lumpur Monday the extremist group could take advantage of the frustrations of Muslims in the southern region of Mindanao over the legislature's failure to ratify a peace deal reached between his group and President Benigno Aquino's administration in 2014.

The deal, which was brokered by Malaysia, would grant minority Muslims greater autonomy in exchange for ending a four-decade-old insurgency that has claimed well over 100,000 lives.

Ebrahim said the MILF will not abandon its armed struggle for an autonomous homeland, but says it will not revert to violence so long as the peace process has a chance to succeed.