奥巴马谴责俄叙对阿勒颇平民的野蛮空袭

美国总统奥巴马强烈谴责俄罗斯和叙利亚政权对阿勒颇市东部平民的野蛮空袭。

白宫说，奥巴马总统和德国总理默克尔星期四进行了电话交谈。双方一致认为，俄罗斯和阿萨德政权在停止战斗和允许人道救援进入阿勒颇方面需要承担“特殊的责任。”

美国国务卿克里稍早时说，美国正“接近于”中断与俄罗斯就叙利亚问题进行的外交谈判，原因是莫斯科持续对阿勒颇市东部的反政府武装进行轰炸。

一个监督组织星期五说，过去一年，俄罗斯对叙利亚全国各地的袭击已经导致9千多人丧生，其中包括很多平民。设在英国的叙利亚人权了望台说，还有很多平民在空袭中受伤。仅是阿勒颇市，将就有数十万平民被围困，其中一半是儿童。

克里说，俄罗斯誓言要继续空袭，在这种情况下继续会谈并“严肃对待这些事态”，是“非理性的”。克里说，“现在是我们在未来一段时间寻求其它解决方法的时刻了。” 克里还表示，他对叙利亚人民的前途“深感忧虑”。华盛顿正在迫使莫斯科运用其影响力，让其盟友叙利亚总统阿萨德遵守停火协议，允许联合国救援车队进入阿勒颇。

俄罗斯和叙利亚则说，他们袭击的目标是“恐怖分子”，这是他们用来形容试图推翻叙利亚政府的反叛武装的称呼。

但是，美国说，俄罗斯和叙利亚袭击了医院、难民营以及供水和电厂等关键设施。美国说，他们狂轰乱炸，而且俄罗斯根本没有设法针对他们的预定目标－伊斯兰国武装人员。

Obama Condemns 'Barbarous Russian and Syrian Airstrikes" on Civilians in Aleppo

U.S. President Barack Obama has strongly condemned the "barbarous Russian and Syrian regime airstrikes" on civilians in eastern Aleppo.

The White House says Obama spoke by telephone Thursday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Both agreed that Russia and the Assad regime bear a "special responsibility" for stopping the fighting and letting humanitarian aid get in.

Secretary of State John Kerry said earlier the U.S. is "on the verge" of suspending diplomatic talks with Russia because of Moscow's continued bombing of rebels in eastern Aleppo.

A monitoring group said Friday Russian airstrikes across the country in the past year have killed more than 9,000 people, including many civilians. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said many more civilians were wounded by the airstrikes. In Aleppo itself, hundreds of thousands of civilians are stuck in the city. Half of them are children.

Kerry called it “irrational” to keep talking and “take things seriously” after the Russians vowed to continue the airstrikes. “It’s one of those moments where we’re going to have to pursue other alternatives for a period of time,” said Kerry. He added he is “extremely concerned” about the future of the Syrian people.

The United States is pushing Russia to pressure its close ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, to honor a cease-fire and let U.N. relief convoys into Aleppo.

Russia and the Syrians say they are targeting "terrorists" -- their term for the rebels who want to topple the Syrian government.

But the U.S. says Russia and Syria are hitting hospitals, refugee camps and such critical sites as water and power plants. The U.S. says the bombs are indiscriminate and that the Russians make no effort to specifically hit their stated target -- Islamic State fighters.

苏丹政府被控在达尔富尔使用化学武器

苏丹司法部驳斥了达尔富尔杰贝勒马拉地区流离失所者的指称，这些人说，他们在苏丹政府的手下受到了化学品的伤害。

国际特赦星期四稍早时说，自从今年1月以来，杰贝勒马拉地区的人们据报出现水疱和皮疹，脱皮，失明等眼疾，吐血，腹泻以及严重呼吸问题。

国际特赦说，这些病症是由苏丹当局使用的化学武器造成的。该人权组织称，包括很多儿童在内的250人有可能已经死于化学袭击，还有几百人受伤。

但是，苏丹司法部长埃尔努尔星期四在一封信中回应说，政府官员听到这些指控“非常惊讶”。他表示这是他第一次听到这些事情，他说，这意味着发生的是“一个令人发指的人道主义犯罪行为”。

埃尔努尔在信中指出，政府真相调查团成员今年2月到达尔富尔，同杰贝勒马拉地区因军事行动而流离失所的人们见面三个小时。他说，这些来自达尔富尔中部的村民说，他们为了躲避军事暴力而离开自己的家乡，当时没有人提到国际特赦所形容的病症。

埃尔努尔说，苏丹军队目前在该地区抵御一个反叛组织的袭击。他说政府武装部队保护公民，维护国家的完整、安全和稳定，这是在履行他们的宪法职责。他说，他们接受过广泛的人道主义法培训。

国际特赦星期四的报告指出，苏丹安全部队有意把平民和他们的财产作为攻击目标，他们在杰贝勒马拉地区的大约32个村庄，有可能使用了一类被禁的化学武器－糜烂性毒剂。

路透社援引苏丹驻联合国大使的话说，国际特赦的报道“完全没有根据”，苏丹没有任何类型的化学武器。

Sudan Accused of Using Chemical Weapons in Darfur

Sudan's justice minister has refuted claims by displaced persons in the Jebel Marra area of Darfur that they suffered chemical exposure at the hands of the government of Sudan.

Amnesty International reported earlier Thursday that since January, people in Jebel Marra have reported blisters and rashes, skin falling off, eye problems including total vision loss, bloody vomit, diarrhea and severe respiratory problems.

Amnesty says these symptoms are due to chemical weapons used by Sudanese authorities. As many as 250 people, including many children, may have died as a result of chemical attacks, and hundreds more have been injured, says the rights group.

But Justice Minister Awad Hassan Elnour responded in a letter Thursday that government officials were "very astonished" to hear the allegations. He said it was the first he had heard of such events, which he said imply "a heinous humanitarian crime."

Elnour notes in his letter that members of a government fact-finding mission traveled to Darfur in February and met for three hours with people displaced by military operations in Jebel Marra. He said the people, who came from central Darfur villages, reported that they had left their villages to avoid the military violence and none had reported symptoms like those Amnesty describes.

Elnour also said Sudanese troops are in the area to defend against attacks by a rebel group. He said the armed forces are carrying out their constitutional duty in protecting the citizens and preserving the integrity, security and stability of the country and the people. He said they have had extensive training in humanitarian law.

The report released by Amnesty on Thursday states that Sudanese security forces have deliberately targeted civilians and their property, including the probable use of ‘blister agents,’ a banned class of chemical weapons, in roughly 32 villages in the Jebel Marra area.

Reuters news agency quotes Sudan's U.N. ambassador as saying the Amnesty report was “utterly unfounded” and that Sudan does not possess any type of chemical weapons.