沙特: 释放109名也门在押人换取9名沙特人

以沙特阿拉伯为首的打击也门境内什叶派叛乱分子的联盟星期一说，该联盟释放了109名也门人，以交换被拘留的9名沙特人。

该联盟的声明没有说明9名沙特人的拘留地点和具体情况，但表示获释的也门人一直被拘留在沙特边界附近。

什叶派胡塞反政府武装于2014年9月占据了也门首都萨那，并于去年3月发动攻势，向南推进到港口城市亚丁，也门总统哈迪被迫逃往沙特。

沙特为此组织了一个联盟，对胡塞武装发动空袭，后来支持哈迪的部队参与了对反政府武装的地面战斗，在沙特和也门的边界地带引发暴力冲突。

也门是最贫穷的阿拉伯国家，这场冲突已经造成6000多人死亡。

Saudi Arabia: 109 Yemeni Detainees Freed in Exchange for 9 Saudis

The Saudi-led coalition fighting Shi'ite rebels in Yemen said Monday it released 109 Yemeni detainees in exchange for nine Saudis who were being held.

A coalition statement did not give details on where or how the Saudis were detained, but said the Yemenis had been held near the Saudi border.

Shi'ite Houthi rebels seized the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, in September 2014, and in March of last year pushed south to the port city of Aden in an offensive that sent President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi fleeing to Saudi Arabia.

The Saudis responded by organizing the coalition to conduct airstrikes against the Houthis, and later the conflict included pro-Hadi ground troops battling the rebels and some violence along the Saudi-Yemen border.

The conflict has left more than 6,000 people dead in the poorest Arab nation.

叙利亚收复帕尔米拉 誓言继续打击IS

叙利亚军方说，收复古城帕尔米拉后，将扩大对伊斯兰国恐怖组织的军事行动。

在俄罗斯空袭支援下，亲叙利亚军队重新控制了被伊斯兰国占领10个月之久的帕尔米拉，城中几座具有近2000年历史的纪念碑都在被占期间遭到破坏。

总部设在英国的叙利亚人权了望台说，这次军事行动中有400名激进分子和180多名亲政府军人丧生。叙利亚总统阿萨德赞扬这次军事行动，称其为一个“重要的成果，再次证明了叙利亚军队及其盟友打击恐怖主义的有效性”。

叙利亚国家媒体说，专家们不久将赶往帕尔米拉，对激进分子造成的破坏进行评估。

Syria Vows to Continue Fight Against IS After Taking Palmyra

Syria's army says the recapture of the historic site Palmyra will be a launching point for expanded operations against the Islamic State group.

Backed by Russian airstrikes, pro-Syrian forces reclaimed control of Palmyra after a 10-month Islamic State occupation that included the destruction of several monuments dating back nearly 2,000 years.

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the offensive left 400 militants dead along with more than 180 pro-government fighters. President Bashar al-Assad hailed it as an "important achievement, and fresh proof of the efficiency of the Syrian army and its allies in fighting terrorism."

State media said experts will be in Palmyra in the coming days to assess the damage done by the militants.