柬埔寨法庭维持对前红色高棉领导人终生监禁的判决

一个联合国支持的柬埔寨法庭裁决，维持对两名前红色高棉领导人因违反人类罪而判处终生监禁。

乔森潘和农谢2014年被判刑。柬埔寨最高法院的一位法官星期三说，原先的判决是恰当的，乔森潘和农谢完全无视柬埔寨人民的命运。

乔森潘和农谢是红色高棉政权目前仍然在世的最高职位的领导人。他们还因另一起有关种族屠杀的案件中受到审判。他们的律师辩护说，2014年的判决受到了失误与法官偏见的影响。尽管法庭承认上次判决有失误存在，但还是决定维持原判。

Cambodian Tribunal Upholds Life Terms for Khmer Rouge Leaders

A U.N.-backed tribunal in Cambodia has upheld life sentences given to two former leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime for crimes against humanity.

Khieu Samphan and Nuon Chea were originally sentenced in 2014. The Supreme Court Chamber's top judge Kong Srim said Wednesday the life sentences were appropriate, and that the two men showed a "complete lack of consideration for the ultimate fate of the Cambodian population."

Chea and Samphan are the most senior Khmer Rouge officials still living. They are also on trial in a second case involving genocide charges. Their lawyers argued the 2014 conviction was tainted by errors and biased judges, and while Wednesday's decision noted some problems, the overall verdict remained the same.

哥伦比亚政府与反政府武装即将签署重新谈判达成的和平协议

哥伦比亚政府与该国最大的反政府武装－哥伦比亚革命武装力量（FARC）预计星期四将签署一项经过重新谈判达成的和平协议。

经过修改的协议将由反政府武装领导人罗德里格∙伦多诺与哥伦比亚总统桑托斯在首都波哥大签署。桑托斯总统由于努力结束与反政府武装的冲突在上个月获得了诺贝尔和平奖。

哥伦比亚政府与哥伦比亚革命武装力量谈判人员过去四年一直在古巴进行谈判，试图结束这场造成22万多人死亡、数百万人流离失所的冲突。

上个月哥伦比亚选民在一次全民公决中意外地否决了政府与反政府武装达成的第一个和平协议。新协议签署后将送交国会批准，而不是再次举行全民公决。

自从第一次和平协议被民众否决后，哥伦比亚革命武装力量与政府谈判人员就投入了日夜不停地谈判，推出50多项修改，使得和平协议对于厌恶反政府武装的、保守的哥伦比亚人更容易接受。

Colombia, FARC Set to Sign Renegotiated Peace Deal

The Colombian government and the country's largest rebel group, FARC, are set to sign a renegotiated peace deal Thursday.

The revised document will be signed in Bogota between FARC leader Rodrigo Londono and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last month for his efforts to end the conflict with the insurgent group.

The government and representatives of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia have been negotiating in Cuba for more than four years to bring an end to the conflict that has killed more than 220,000 and displaced millions in the Andean country.

Last month, voters taking part in that referendum surprisingly rejected the first accord. After it is signed, the new deal will be submitted to Congress for approval, rather than put to another referendum.

Ever since the original deal's defeat at the polls, the FARC and government negotiators have worked around the clock, introducing some 50-plus changes to make it more acceptable to conservative Colombians who overwhelmingly despise the FARC.