沙特拦截来自也门的导弹

沙特阿拉伯说，星期一晚间拦截了一枚发自也门境内的弹道导弹。

沙特国家媒体说，这枚导弹在空中被摧毁，没有造成任何伤亡。这是沙特本月第2次拦截从也门境内发射的导弹。

以沙特为首的联盟支持也门总统哈迪。该联盟表示，这次袭击可能迫使该联盟重新考虑停火问题。

也门胡塞反政府武装自2014年9月攻占首都萨那以来，一直控制着那座城市。在此6个月后，胡塞武装又向南部发动进攻，夺取了港口城市亚丁，哈迪总统被迫逃往沙特。

在以沙特为首的联盟空袭的支持下，哈迪及其政府重返亚丁。也门冲突已造成6400多人死亡，数百万人急需人道救援。

Saudi Arabia Intercepts Missile Launched from Yemen

Saudi Arabia says it has intercepted a ballistic missile launched from Yemen on Monday night.

The missile was destroyed in mid-air without causing any casualties, according to the Saudi state news agency SPA. This is the second missile Saudi Arabia has intercepted from Yemen just this month.

The Saudi-led coalition, which supports Yemeni president Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi, has said that this attack may force them to reconsider a cease-fire.

Yemen's Houthi rebels have controlled the capital, Sana'a, since seizing it in September 2014. Six months later, they marched south in an offensive that led to their capture of the port city of Aden, and sent President Hadi fleeing to Saudi Arabia.

Hadi and his government have since returned to Aden, aided by a yearlong bombing campaign by a Saudi-led coalition that helped push back the Houthis. The conflict has left more than 6,400 people dead and millions of people in need of humanitarian aid.

为躲避战火逃离家园的阿富汗人急剧增多

国际特赦组织最新报告说，逃离暴力、但仍困在国内的阿富汗人在以往3年里翻了一番。

报告说，2013年阿富汗境内流离失所的阿富汗人大约有50万，而现在已增加到120万人。国际特赦发表这份报告是为了提醒人们关注这些被遗忘的战争受害者。在报告发表之际，人们担心塔利班领导的袭击正在不断升级。

联合国难民署说，阿富汗是世界上最大的难民输出国之一，估计目前有260万阿富汗难民居住在邻国巴基斯坦和伊朗。

国际特赦的调查发现，尽管历届阿富汗政府都承诺救助国内的难民，但他们仍缺少住所、食物、水、医疗以及受教育和就业的机会。

Dramatic Rise in Number of Afghans Displaced by Conflict

The number of Afghans who have fled violence and remain trapped in their own country has doubled over the past three years, says a new report by Amnesty International.

A staggering 1.2 million people are internally displaced in Afghanistan, showing a dramatic increase from some 500,000 in 2013, says the report in an attempt to cast a fresh light on the country’s forgotten victims of war. It comes amid fears of an escalation in the Taliban-led insurgent attacks this year.

Afghans already form one of the world’s largest refugee populations, with an estimated 2.6 million of them living in neighboring Pakistan and Iran, according to the U.N. refugee agency.

“While the world’s attention seems to have moved on from Afghanistan, we risk forgetting the plight of those left behind by the conflict,” said Patel.

Despite the promises made by successive Afghan governments, internally displaced people (IDPs) in Afghanistan continue to lack adequate shelter, food, water, health care, and opportunities to pursue education and employment, according to Amnesty International’s findings.