中国股市暴跌收盘

中国股市星期一暴跌近7%，这是中国新年首盘表现最差的一次。上海和深圳的证券交易所被迫停止交易。

欧洲股市开盘步亚洲后尘呈现跌势。德国DAX指数下跌逾4%，伦敦金融时报指数的跌幅也超过2%。

作为世界第二大经济体的中国的制造业数据不佳，被认为是大批抛售的主要诱因，其他因素还包括中东紧张局势的不断升级。

日本的日经指数收盘时下跌3%，香港恒生指数的跌幅也超过2.5%。

星期一石油价格上涨，主要原因是沙特阿拉伯与伊朗之间的政治争端引发人们对中东局势的担忧。

China's Stock Markets Close for Day After Sharp Fall

Chinese stocks plummeted nearly seven percent Monday - the worst first day of trading for the new year in China - prompting a halt to trading for the day on the Shanghai and Shenzhen exchanges.

European markets followed Asia's lead, opening lower, with Germany's DAX down more than four percent and the FTSE in London more than two percent lower.

Poor manufacturing data in the world's second-largest economy is mainly being blamed for the sharp selloff, along with rising tensions in the Middle East.

Japan's Nikkei index closed down 3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell more than two-and-a-half percent.

The price of oil rose Monday, mainly over concerns in the Middle East with Saudi Arabia in a tense political dispute with Iran.

瑞典为阻止移民涌入而实施边境控制

从星期一开始，从丹麦进入瑞典的旅游者将必须出示带照片的身份证件。

瑞典采取这一措施是为了阻止没有身份证明文件的移民涌入境内。瑞典以其慷慨的福利制度著称。这项新措施意味着瑞典将停止实施向移民敞开大门的政策。瑞典去年接收了16万移民，邻国丹麦只接收了一万八千人。

有关当局对旅行者发出警告说，在厄勒海峡大桥的丹麦一端要排长队等候。厄勒海峡大桥是试图前往瑞典寻求新生活的移民们的主要入境点。

在瑞典和丹麦之间重新实行边境控制措施，意味着在这两个北欧国家间旅行的人50多年来将首次被要求出示护照。

Sweden Imposes Border Controls to Stop Migrant Influx

Travelers passing from Denmark into Sweden will have to show photo identification starting Monday.

The move by Sweden is an attempt to stop the flow of undocumented migrants into the country known for its generous welfare system. The new measure means Sweden is closing its open-door migrant policy after receiving 160,000 migrants last year. Neighboring Denmark only took in 18,000.

Travelers have been warned to expect long lines on the Danish side of the Oresund Bridge, a major entry point for migrants seeking a new life in Sweden.

The re-introduction of the border controls between Sweden and Denmark means that travelers between the two Nordic countries will have to show their passports for the first time in more than 50 years.