川普将发布打击伊斯兰恐怖主义的计划

美国共和党总统候选人唐纳德·川普星期一发布他将如何打击伊斯兰恐怖主义的计划。就在几天前，川普指责美国总统奥巴马和民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿是伊斯兰国激进组织的创办人。

川普几个月来一直声称他对付中东的圣战者将比奥巴马更强硬，但他却没有提出任何具体的打击计划。川普上周有关奥巴马和希拉里建立伊斯兰国的言论，激起了人们对他的新一轮批评。川普在重复这一指称后，又表示他仅仅是在讽刺而已。

美国前国防部长帕内塔是希拉里的支持者，他说，川普需要披露他的详细计划。

他说：“我认为川普与其发出一些不靠谱的指称，不如公布他自己的计划。他说奥巴马总统建立了伊斯兰国，那是在撒谎。他应当说明他将实施什么样的战略来击败伊斯兰国，但他却说，他有一个秘密计划，可是谁也不知道这秘密计划的内容。”

在全国政治民调中，希拉里的支持率领先川普大约7个百分点。在一些11月8日全国大选中可能起到举足轻重作用的战场州，希拉里的支持率也领先于川普。

Trump to Lay Out Plan to Fight Islamic Terrorism

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is set to say Monday how he would combat Islamic terrorism, just days after claiming President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton founded the Islamic State militant group.

Trump, a real estate tycoon seeking his first elected office, has for months said he would be tougher on jihadists in the Middle East than Obama, but has yet to spell out a specific plan of attack. Trump ignited a new round of criticism of his candidacy last week when he said, falsely, that Obama and Clinton created Islamic State. Trump, after repeating the claim, later said he meant the remark as sarcasm.

A Clinton supporter, former U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, said the Republican candidate needs to disclose his specific plan.

"I think what would be appropriate is for Donald Trump, instead of making some outrageous claim, that somehow President Obama is the father of ISIS (IS), which is a lie, he ought to present what strategy he would implement to defeat ISIS," Panetta said. "Instead, he says he has a secret plan, and nobody knows what that plan is all about."

Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state looking to become the country's first female president, has moved to roughly a seven-percentage-point advantage over Trump in national political surveys and also holds leads in several battleground election states where the outcome of the November 8 contest is likely to be decided.

田径飞人勇夺百米奥运金牌

世界上跑得最快的人连续三届蝉联奥运会男子100米短跑金牌。这在奥运史上是史无前例的。星期天，在里约奥运会上，牙买加短跑选手博尔特虽然起步落后，但他奋起直追并超过美国选手加特林，夺得该项目金牌，加特林获得银牌。

博尔特以比世界纪录差一点的9.58秒的成绩冲过终点时，聚集在博尔特家乡京斯顿透过大屏幕看比赛的群众顿时爆发出欢呼声。加拿大选手格拉斯位居第三，夺得该项目铜牌。

几分钟之前，南非选手韦德·范·尼凯克击败了两名主要对手－格林纳达的詹姆斯和美国的梅里特，以43秒03的成绩打破了男子400米世界纪录。

在英国和美国重大赛事上经常出现的英国高尔夫球选手贾斯汀·罗斯荣获高尔夫奥运金牌。这是时隔104年后，高尔夫这个比赛项目首次重返奥运。

美国女子体操队的西蒙·拜尔斯在里约奥运会上夺得了她的第三枚金牌，成为第一位在一届奥运会上夺得三金的美国女子体操运动员。

美国泳将菲尔普斯获得了他奥运生涯中第23枚金牌，也是在里约奥运中获得的第5枚金牌。这可能是他在奥运生涯中最后一次比赛。

The Fastest Man in the World, Takes Olympic Gold in 100 Meter Dash
The fastest man in world has won an unprecedented third straight Olympic gold medal in the men's 100 meter dash.

Jamaica's Usain Bolt came from behind to take the gold Sunday night in Rio de Janeiro, overcoming a poor start to catch American sprinter Justin Gatlin, who finished second for a silver medal.

A huge crowd watching the race on a large screen in Bollt's hometown of Kingston erupted in joy as he crossed the finish line in 9.58 seconds, short of the world record.

Canada's Andre de Grasse finished third and will take home a bronze medal.

A few minutes earlier, South Africa's Wade van Niekerk set a world's record in the men's 400 meter final finishing first in 43.03 seconds, beating his two top contenders Kirani James of Grenada and LaShawn Merritt of the United States.

British golfer Justin Rose, a fixture at major championships in his homeland and the United States, won the gold medal in the sport's return to the Olympics after a 104-year hiatus.

Simone Biles captured her third gold medal of the Rio Games, becoming the first American female gymnast to win three golds in the same Olympics.

American swimmer Michael Phelps won his 23rd Olympic career gold medal. It was his fifth of the Rio Games, in what may be the final race of his Olympic career.