美国首次因践踏人权制裁金正恩

美国第一次把朝鲜领导人金正恩列入侵犯人权制裁名单上。

包括金正恩在内，美国这份黑名单上共有23个实体和个人。他们被列入这个黑名单的原因是他们各自在严重侵犯人权、追捕逃北者和朝鲜言论审查等方面所扮演的角色。

美国一名高层官员星期三宣布，“我们的报告已经确认了23个个人和实体，其中包括金正恩。我们认定，金正恩毫无疑问要对朝鲜当局的行为负有最终责任，包括朝鲜政权对自己的人民所采取的压迫性政策。”

美国国务院表示，朝鲜侵犯人权的现象在世界上是最糟糕的。许多践踏人权的行为都发生在政治犯集中营，估计那里拘押着八万至十二万人，包括被关押者的孩子和家人。

For the First Time, US Sanctions Pyongyang’s Kim Jong Un for Human Rights Abuses

For the first time, the United States has put North Korea's leader on the U.S. sanctions list for human rights abuses.

Kim Jong Un is among 23 entities and individuals placed on Washington's blacklist for their role in serious human rights violations, hunting down defectors or censorship in North Korea.

“We have identified 23 individuals and entities in our report, one of those individuals is Kim Jong Un, we have made the judgment that he is rather plainly, ultimately responsible for the actions of his regime including its repressive policies towards his own people,” a senior U.S. official announced Wednesday.

The State Department said human rights abuses in North Korea are among the worst in the world. Many of these abuses are committed in political prison camps, where an estimated 80,000 to 120,000 individuals are detained, including children and family members of the accused.

奥巴马将把驻阿美军保持在8400人

美国总统奥巴马打算在离任前把留驻阿富汗的美军维持在8400人。有关专家说，阿富汗的保安局势持续恶化，奥巴马的这一决定使接下来往哪里走留下了很多没有回答的问题。

美国政府原计划到2016年年底，把驻阿美军从9800人减少到5500人左右。

但是，奥巴马星期三宣布，阿富汗的安全局势“依然很不稳定”，所以他准备在离任前让更多的部队留在阿富汗。奥巴马将于2017年1月结束他的总统任期。

奥巴马说，“塔利班依然是威胁。他们在好几次战斗中都扩大了地盘，他们继续在喀布尔等地发动攻击，实施自杀炸弹袭击”。他还说，“由于塔利班有意针对平民，所以阿富汗有更多的男人、妇女和儿童丧生，这些人在全球难民危机中往往会被忽略。”

奥巴马表示，让更多美军留在阿富汗为下届总统提供了“坚实基础，继续扩大在阿富汗的进展，也为打击恐怖主义的努力提供了很多灵活性。”

Obama to Maintain 8,400 Troops in Afghanistan

U.S. President Barack Obama’s plan to maintain 8,400 U.S. troops in Afghanistan through the end of his presidency leaves many unanswered questions about the best path forward as the security situation continues to worsen, experts said.

The administration had initially planned to reduce the number of U.S. troops from the current 9,800 to around 5,500 by the end of 2016.

But Obama announced Wednesday the security situation in Afghanistan "remains precarious" and so he is leaving more troops than originally planned through the end of his term, which ends January 20, 2017.

"The Taliban remains a threat. They have gained ground in some cases, they have continued attacks and suicide bombings including in Kabul," Obama said. "Because the Taliban deliberately target civilians more Afghan men, women and children are dying and often overlooked in the global refugee crisis."

Obama said leaving more troops in Afghanistan when he leaves office will give the next U.S. president “a solid foundation for continued progress in Afghanistan as well as the flexibility to address the threat of terrorism as it evolves.”