以总理召见美国驻以色列大使

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡星期天愤怒地召见了美国驻以色列大使丹尼尔∙沙皮罗，讨论美国上星期在联合国安理会就一项反对犹太人定居点决议案投弃权票一事。

美国国务院和内塔尼亚胡办公室都没有对星期天的会面发表评论。以色列外交部召见了在星期五的表决中投赞成票的14个国家的大使，据报道其中几个国家的大使没有理会。

内塔尼亚胡星期天告诉以色列内阁，这个决议是“鲁莽和具有毁坏性的。”他指出，美国和以色列一直同意，联合国安理会不是解决定居点问题的地方。

他说美国没有否决这项决议而是选择弃权是“可耻的”。

星期五的决议呼吁以色列“立刻和全面停止所有在被占领的巴勒斯坦领土，包括东耶路撒冷建造定居点的活动”。决议说，这些定居点没有“合法性”。

Israeli PM Summons US Ambassador

An angry Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu summoned U.S. Ambassador Daniel Shapiro Sunday to talk about the U.S. abstention in a U.N. Security Council resolution opposing Jewish settlements.

Neither the State Department nor Netanyahu's office commented on Sunday's meeting. The foreign ministry summoned ambassadors from the 14 nations that voted for the resolution Friday, but reports say several of the diplomats did not answer the call.

Netanyahu told the Israeli Cabinet Sunday that the resolution was "reckless and destructive." He pointed out that the U.S. and Israel have always agreed that the Security Council is no place to resolve the settlement issue.

He called the U.S. abstention instead of a veto "shameful."

Friday's resolution calls on Israel to "immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem." It says settlements there have "no legal validity."

歌星乔治∙迈克尔去世 享年53岁

英国创作歌手、音乐制作人，威猛乐队主唱乔治∙迈克尔去世，享年53岁。

他的公关在一份声明中说，我们带着极度悲伤证实，我们深爱的儿子，兄弟和朋友乔治∙迈克尔圣诞节期间在家中平静地去世了。

乔治∙迈克尔本名乔治奥斯∙吉里亚科斯∙帕纳约托，出名前曾在伦敦地铁里演唱，后于1981年和安德鲁.瑞吉里组成威猛乐队。

乔治∙迈克尔经是一代偶像，创作过［离去之前叫醒我］、［自由］等脍炙人口的歌曲。

目前他的死因还没有宣布，不过警方表示，并未发现可疑之处。

1998年乔治∙迈克尔在加州比佛利山一个公共厕所由于下流行为被捕后公开他是同性恋。

Pop Star George Michael Dies at 53

George Michael, the English singer, songwriter and record producer who rose to fame as a member of the group Wham!, has died. He was 53.

"It is with great sadness that we can confirm our beloved son, brother and friend George passed away peacefully at home over the Christmas period," his publicist said in a statement.

Born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou, he once played music on the London underground train system before forming Wham! with Andrew Ridgeley in 1981.

Michael enjoyed immense popularity early in his career as a teenybopper idol, delivering a series of hits such as "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go,'' `"Young Guns (Go For It)'' and `"Freedom.''

No cause of death was revealed, but police reported that he did not die under suspicious circumstances.

Michael disclosed he was gay in 1998 after being arrested in a public toilet in Beverly Hills, California for engaging in a lewd act.