记者、学者及航空人员成土耳其镇压新目标

星期一，土耳其继续对涉嫌与一名流亡穆斯林教士有牵连的人进行镇压，矛头指向记者、学者和航空人员。土耳其称这一流亡教士操纵了针对安卡拉政府的未遂军事政变。

土耳其当局对42名记者颁发了逮捕令，拘押了31名学者，解雇了土耳其航空公司的211名员工。

土耳其还拘禁了3名逃亡后被抓捕的士兵，他们涉嫌参与了对爱琴海渡假胜地马尔马里斯一家旅店的袭击。7月15日政变发生时，土耳其总统埃尔多安正在那里渡假。埃尔多安说，如果他再多等15分钟逃离旅店，就可能被打死或抓为人质。另外4名士兵仍在逃。

土耳其官方新闻机构阿纳多卢通讯社说，著名作家伊利卡也在被通缉接受讯问的人之列。他一直以来都对埃尔多安持批评态度，并且反对他的政府严厉打压穆斯林教士居伦的追随者。现年75岁的居伦自1999年以来一直居住在美国东部的宾夕法尼亚州。

土耳其当局指责居伦操纵了导致约290人丧生的政变，并要求美国将其引渡回国。美国表示，正在审议土耳其送交的有关居伦涉嫌参与未遂政变的材料，但没有承诺将其引渡。

Turkey Aims New Crackdown at Journalists, Academics, Airline Workers

Turkey targeted journalists, academics and airline workers Monday in its ongoing crackdown on people allegedly linked to the exiled Muslim cleric it says directed the failed military coup against the Ankara government.

Turkish authorities issued warrants for the detention of 42 journalists, took 31 academics into custody and fired 211 workers at Turkish Airlines.

Turkey also detained three fugitive soldiers on suspicion of taking part in an attack on a hotel in the Aegean Sea resort of Marmaris where President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was vacationing when the putsch unfolded on July 15. Erdogan has said that if he waited 15 minutes more before fleeing the hotel he would have been killed or taken hostage. Four other soldiers are still on the run.

State-run news agency Anadolu said prominent writer Nazli Ilicak is among the journalists wanted for questioning. He has been critical of Erdogan and opposed his government clampdown on followers of Fethullah Gulen, the 75-year-old cleric who has been living in the eastern U.S. state of Pennsylvania since 1999.

Ankara has blamed Gulen for the uprising that left about 290 people dead and demanded his extradition. Washington says it is considering documents Turkey sent about Gulen's alleged involvement in the failed coup, but has made no commitment to return him.

日本残疾人福利院砍人事件导致近20人死亡

星期二，一名男子在东京郊外一个残疾人福利院持刀行凶，导致至少19人丧生，成为二战后日本最严重的大规模杀人事件。

东京以西大约50公里处的相模原市有关当局说，26岁的植松圣在拂晓时分从福利院一楼的玻璃进去，开始持刀行凶。之后他向警方自首，承认袭击是他所为。在他车上发现了几把匕首，至少一把还有血污。新闻报道说，他因为被该福利院解雇而感到愤怒。

至少还有20人在事件中受伤。

日本的一些枪支管制法是世界上最严格的，大规模杀人事件在日本非常罕见，通常都是持刀行凶。2001年，大阪市8名学童在学校被刺死。2008年，在东京千代田区秋叶原电器街，一名男子驾驶卡车闯入购物人群，并且向过路人行刺，导致7人死亡。

Nearly 20 People Killed in Knife-Wielding Attack at Disabled Facility in Japan

At least 19 people are dead after a man went on a knife-wielding rampage at a facility for disabled adults outside Tokyo Tuesday, making it Japan's worst mass killings in its post-World War Two era.

Authorities in the city of Sagamihara, located about 50 kilometers west of Tokyo, say 26-year-old Satoshi Uematsu broke into a first floor window of the facility in the pre-dawn hours and began stabbing people. Uematsu later turned himself into the police and admitted to carrying out the attack. Several knives were found in his car, at least one of them stained with blood. News reports say he was angry about being fired from his job at the facility.

At least 20 others were wounded in the attack.

Mass killings are rare in Japan, which has some of the world's strictest gun-control laws, and typically involve stabbings. Eight children were stabbed to death at their school in the city of Osaka in 2001, while seven people were killed in Tokyo's electronics Akihabara district in 2008 when a man drove a truck into a crowd of shopper and stabbed passers-by.