波多黎各四亿美元债务违约

波多黎各总督说，星期一将出现4亿2200万美元的债务违约，并表示美国应对此负部分责任。

波多黎各总督帕蒂拉星期日发表电视讲话，告诉波多黎各350万居民，他做出了拒付债务的“痛苦决定”，但将保障公务员工资以及卫生和教育领域的开支，以避免发生人道危机。

帕蒂拉说，他并不寻求债务救助，但曾争取进行债务重组。做为美国托管地，波多黎各债务重组议案必须得到美国国会的批准，而党派政治使有关议案未能有任何进展。

波多黎各过去也曾出现过债务违约，但星期一的债务违约数额是最大的。

经济分析人士说，波多黎各实际上已经破产，债务总额约700亿美元。

Puerto Rico Defaults on $400 Million Payment

The governor of Puerto Rico says the island is defaulting on a $422 million debt payment due Monday, and he says the U.S. is partly to blame.

Garcia Padilla said in a televised speech Sunday to the island's 3.5 million residents that he has made the "painful decision" to not pay the island's creditors, but will instead fund public sector salaries and health and education budgets to avoid a "humanitarian crisis."

Padilla said he did not want a bailout and had sought to restructure the existing debt. The U.S. territory, however, needs U.S. Congress to pass a restructuring bill for the island, but partisan politics have bogged down any movement on that measure.

Puerto Rico has defaulted on payments before, but Monday's default is the largest.

Economic analysts say the U.S. territory is basically bankrupt with a total debt of about $70 billion.

中情局描述突袭本拉登行动

美国中央情报局星期日在推特上公布击毙基地组织首领本拉登的行动细节，数千次被转发，有些网友表示支持，有些则提出批评。

奥巴马总统于2011年5月批准了这项行动计划，命特种部队乘直升机进入位于巴基斯坦阿伯塔巴德的本拉登藏身地，后来又将本拉登的尸体抛进海里。

推特从2006年开始运作，而美国中情局两年前刚刚建立推特账号。中情局的1600条推特内容通常涉及中情局历史，以身殉职的特工的生平介绍，或是在职官员发表的公开评论。

但在突袭本拉登行动5周年之际，中情局宣布要以“现场直播”的方式在推特上向130万关注者公布这一行动的细节。在先后6小时内，中情局在推特上展示了突袭行动的整个过程。这次行动最终结束了对本拉登历时将近十年的追捕。他领导的基地组织于2001年9月11日对美国发动恐怖袭击，造成近3000人死亡。

CIA's Recounting of Bin Laden Raid

The United States’ Central Intelligence Agency tweeted the details of an operation that killed al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden Sunday, drawing thousands of retweets and likes from apparent supporters while others responded with criticism.

The operation was the one President Barack Obama approved in May 2011 that involved special operations forces flying helicopters into a compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan and later dumping bin Laden's body into the sea.

Twitter has been around since 2006, but the CIA is a relative newcomer with an account dating back just two years. The agency's 1,600 tweets usually involve its history, profiles of agents killed in service or public comments from current officials.

But with the fifth anniversary of the bin Laden raid, the CIA announced it would "live" tweet the details as if they were happening again to its 1.3 million followers. Over the course of six hours, the tweets laid out the events that ultimately ended what had been a nearly decade-long search for the man whose organization killed nearly 3,000 people on September 11, 2001.