美中召开年度高层战略会谈

美国国务卿克里说，美国敦促中国及其亚太邻国通过外交途径解决南中国海领土争端。

星期一，克里在北京举行的第8轮美中战略与经济对话上发表了上述评论。

每年穿越南中国海水域的贸易商品总值约5万亿美元，据信该地区的石油和天然气储量也很丰富。

北京对美国在南中国海上空进行侦查飞行表示愤怒，据报正考虑在南中国海上空设立防空识别区。克里星期日在蒙古停留期间说，北京如果采取这一挑衅举动，将会破坏稳定。

克里在美中战略与经济对话开幕之际讲话时还强调，北京和华盛顿在一系列问题上取得了里程碑式的合作成果，例如气候变化、全球保健应急、以及遏制核扩散等，也包括最近因为朝鲜核项目而加强了对朝鲜的制裁。

US, China Open Annual High-Level Strategic Talks

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says the United States is urging China and its Asia-Pacific neighbors to "find a diplomatic solution" to the territorial disputes in the South China Sea.

Kerry made the remarks Monday at the opening of the eighth annual U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Beijing.

About $5 trillion of annual trade passes through the South China Sea, which is also believed to hold significant oil and gas reserves.

Angry over U.S. surveillance flights over in the airspace over the region, Beijing is reportedly considering establishing an Air Defense Identification Zone over portions of the South China Sea, which would require all incoming aircraft to register with Chinese authorities to fly in the air route. During a stopover in Mongolia Sunday, Kerry said such an action would be "a provocative and destabilizing act."

Kerry also used his opening remarks to highlight "new milestones in cooperation" between Beijing and Washington on a number of issues, including climate change, global health emergencies and curbing nuclear proliferation, including the recent tightening of sanctions against North Korea over its nuclear weapons program.

预计希拉里周二将获民主党总统候选人提名

美国人口最多的加利福尼亚州本周举行的初选将给参选人带来最多的党代表票，同时也是美国总统大选初选阶段的结束。

星期二的初选将解决2016年总统初选阶段的唯一未定问题：希拉里·克林顿和伯尼·桑德斯最终谁能获得民主党总统候选人提名。

希拉里·克林顿在星期日举行的波多黎各民主党初选中击败了桑德斯，朝着获得本党总统候选人提名又迈进了一步。

民调显示，希拉里·克林顿和桑德斯在加州的支持率不相上下。希拉里·克林顿和桑德斯都迫切希望在加州获胜。即便如此，两人都将火力集中在共和党推定总统候选人川普身上。

希拉里在上周一次外交政策讲话中说：“川普的想法不仅与众不同，而且危险地语无伦次。他不仅是没有做好准备，他的性格不适合担任需要知识、稳定和担当的总统一职。”

来自佛蒙特州的桑德斯参议员在星期五的竞选集会上说：“当你对真实的问题拿不出任何真实的解决方案时，你怎么办呢？你让别人代为受过。我们不能让川普分裂我们。”

Clinton Expected to Clinch Democratic Presidential Nomination Tuesday

In the U.S. presidential race, state primary contests conclude this week with America’s most populous state, California, as the biggest prize.

Tuesday’s primaries could definitively settle the only remaining question in the 2016 presidential primary season: whether Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders is the Democratic presidential nominee.

Clinton defeated Sanders in Puerto Rico’s Democrat primary on Sunday, inching her slightly closer to the eventual nomination.

Polls show a tight race in California, a state that Clinton and Sanders desperately want to win. Even so, both are focusing most of their firepower on presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

"Donald Trump's ideas are not just different, they are dangerously incoherent,” Clinton said in a foreign policy address last week. “He is not just unprepared, he is temperamentally unfit to hold an office that requires knowledge, stability and immense responsibility.”

"What you do when you don’t have any real answers to the real problems, you scapegoat people,” Sanders, a Vermont senator, said at a campaign stop Friday. “We’re not going to let Trump divide us up.”