伊朗释放伊朗裔加拿大教授

伊朗表示，释放了一名伊朗裔加拿大退休教授。此人先前因“安全指控”被拘留。

伊朗官方的伊斯兰共和国通讯社援引外交部一位发言人的话说，霍玛·胡德法是基于人道主义原因被释放的。

65岁的胡德法之前在蒙特利尔康考迪大学任教。她在参观德黑兰的伊温监狱之后，于6月6日被捕。

据她的家人介绍，她的护照被没收，并且被禁止离开伊朗。

伊朗不承认双重国籍，并且因与安全相关的问题逮捕过多名持有双重国籍的人。

Iran Releases Canadian-Iranian Professor

Iran says it has released a retired Canadian-Iranian professor, who had been detained on "security charges."

A foreign ministry spokesman, quoted by the official IRNA news agency, said Homa Hoodfar was released on humanitarian grounds.

The 65-year old Hoodfar, who most recently taught at Concordia University in Montreal, was arrested on June 6 after a visit to Evin prison in Tehran.

Her passport had been confiscated and she was banned from leaving Iran, according to her family.

Iran does not recognize dual citizenship and has arrested multiple dual nationals over security-related issues.

救援人员：阿勒颇连续四天遭战机轰炸

保守战火蹂躏的叙利亚城市阿勒颇的救援人员说，叙利亚及其俄罗斯盟友星期一加紧了对反政府武装控制的该市东区的轰炸，在连续第四天的轰炸中，有近100人死亡。

圣公会传道人社团的救援人员在推特上发文说，死者中包括儿童。他们还说，由于缺乏增援物资，医务人员和医院“不堪重负”。

美国国务卿克里在回应这些报道时说，阿萨德总统领导的叙利亚政府和它的俄罗斯盟友“似乎决意要夺取阿勒颇并在这个过程中将其摧毁。”

克里还对大马士革的一篇电视报道提出置疑。这篇报道援引叙利亚一位高层外交官的话说，阿萨德政府准备参加联合政府。

克里在哥伦比亚的卡塔赫纳说：“他们正在猛烈袭击阿勒颇，妇女和儿童在他们的狂轰滥炸中丧生，在这种情况下谈论联合政府，情况十分复杂。”

叙利亚人权了望台的观察人员说，自从摇摇欲坠的停火协议本月初瓦解以来，阿勒颇和偏远地区有近250人死亡。由俄罗斯和美国外交官谈判达成的停火协议，原本是为了让救援人员能够向被切断供应的几十万平民运送急需的食物和药品。

但是，观察人员强调支持，阿勒颇附近的一个救援车队上星期遭到致命轰炸，停火协议几乎从一开始就已宣告失败。

Aid Workers: Warplanes Bomb Syria's Aleppo for 4th Straight Day

Aid workers in the devastated Syrian city of Aleppo say Syria and its Russian allies stepped up their bombing campaign on rebel-held eastern parts of the city Monday, killing nearly 100 people on the fourth consecutive day of mayhem and death.

Relief workers from the Society of Anglican Missionaries, writing on Twitter, said the dead included children. They also said medical personnel and hospitals are "overwhelmed," with no additional supplies arriving.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, responding to those reports, said the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad and its Russian allies "seem intent on taking Aleppo and destroying it in the process."

Kerry also discounted a televised report from Damascus quoting a top Syrian diplomat as saying the Assad government is prepared to take part in a unity coalition.

"While they're pounding Aleppo, dropping indiscriminate bombs, killing women and children, talk of a unity government is pretty complicated," Kerry said from the Colombian city of Cartagena.

Monitors from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights say nearly 250 people have been killed in Aleppo and outlying areas since a shaky cease-fire disintegrated earlier this month. That truce, negotiated by Russian and U.S. diplomats, was called to allow aid workers to distribute critically needed food and medicine to hundreds of thousands of civilians cut off from supplies.

However, observers, pointing to the deadly bombing of a relief convoy last week near Aleppo, say the cease-fire failed almost from the beginning.