克里在达沃斯推动叙利亚和谈

美国国务卿克里星期四同联合国负责叙利亚问题的特使会面。这是克里为化解世界大国之间的分歧所做的最新努力。有关叙利亚未来的国际和谈可能会因为这些分歧推迟召开。

克里和联合国叙利亚问题特使德米斯图拉在瑞士达沃斯经济论坛间隙会面。他们表示，希望联合国斡旋的叙利亚政治过渡的会谈能如期于下星期一举行。

德米斯图拉星期三曾表示，会谈有可能无法如期举行。他对美国有线电视新闻网说：“我相信，我们能开启会谈，或许不是25日，但是我们需要保持压力，保持势头”。

在哪些反对派团体能够参加会议的问题上，存在不同意见。有关官员说，在出台一个各方都能接受的与会反对派代表名单之前，下个星期的会谈无法进行。

克里星期三会晤了叙利亚总统阿萨德的重要盟友、俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫。拉夫罗夫说，莫斯科“无意”把会谈日期推迟到下个月。

联合国说，在反对派代表人选的分歧解决之前，不会发出会议邀请。

美国国务院发言人说，如果会谈推迟一两天，也不会是“世界末日”。

克里出席达沃斯世界经济论坛是此次5国访问的第一站，克里还将访问中东和亚洲。

很多国家和政府领导人以及国际大公司的高管都会出席一年一度的达沃斯世界经济论坛。克里星期五将发表讲话。

克里星期四晚些时候将会见伊拉克总理阿巴迪和以色列总理内塔尼亚胡等国家领导人。

Kerry Uses Davos Meetings to Focus On Syria Peace Talks

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is meeting Thursday with the U.N. special envoy for Syria, in the latest attempt to resolve disagreements between world powers that are threatening to delay international peace talks on Syria's future.

Kerry and Staffan de Mistura, who are meeting on the sidelines of the Davos economic forum in Switzerland, have expressed hope the U.N.-mediated negotiations on Syria's political transition can start, as planned, on Monday.

Mistura acknowledged Wednesday that may not happen. "I believe we can start the talks, perhaps not the 25th, but we need to maintain pressure, we need to maintain momentum," he told CNN.

There is widespread disagreement over which opposition groups should take part in the talks, and officials say the meetings next week cannot proceed until there is a mutually acceptable list of which factions will take part.

Kerry met Wednesday with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of Russia, a key ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Afterwards, Lavrov said Moscow has "no intention" to postpone the negotiations until next month.

The U.N. has said it will not issue invitations to the talks until the disagreement over rebel representatives has been resolved.

A State Department spokesman said it would not be "the end of the world" if the talks were delayed by a day or two.

Kerry's trip to the Davos World Economic Forum is the first step on a five-nation tour that also will take him through the Middle East and Asia.

The annual forum pairs heads of state and government with executives from some of the world's leading companies. Kerry will address the forum on Friday.

Later Thursday, Kerry will meet with other leaders, including Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

英法官：利特维年科被杀很可能经普京批准

英国一位法官星期四说，俄罗斯总统普京“很可能曾批准”毒杀前克格勃特工亚历山大·利特维年科的计划。

将近10年前，利特维年科在饮用了一杯茶后死亡。法官欧文说，这杯茶里含有稀有放射性同位素钋。利特维年科临死前指称，是普京下了暗杀他的命令。

在一份外界期待已久的报告中，欧文说，俄罗斯前克格勃特工克夫顿和鲁格沃伊执行了这次毒杀行动，而且很可能是在执行俄罗斯联邦安全局的命令。

这两个人确认曾多次在伦敦同利特维年科见面，其中包括涉嫌毒杀利特维年科的那次会面。但是他们否认与他的死有关。俄罗斯当局拒绝引渡他们。

英国法官的报告星期四公布后，俄罗斯国际文传电讯社引述鲁格沃伊的话说，英国的调查具有政治动机，是一派胡言。

British Judge: Putin 'Probably Approved' Litvinenko's Killing

A British judge said Thursday that Russian President Vladimir Putin "probably approved" a plan to poison ex-KBG agent Alexander Litvinenko.

Litvinenko died nearly 10 years ago after drinking a cup of tea that judge Robert Owen said was laced with the rare radioactive isotope polonium-210. From his death bed, Litvinenko accused Putin of ordering his assassination.

In a long-awaited report, Owen said Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi, two Russian former KGB agents, carried out the killing and probably did so under the direction of Russia's FSB security service.

The two men confirmed meeting with Litvinenko in London on several occasions, including at the time of the suspected poisoning, but deny any involvement in his death. Russia has refused to extradite them.

After the report's release Thursday, Russia's Interfax news agency quoted Lugovoi as calling the British inquiry nonsense and saying it was politically motivated.