叙利亚同意美俄停火协议

叙利亚星期二表示，同意接受美俄提出的停火协议，协议星期六开始生效。

叙利亚政府发表声明称，政府军将继续打击伊斯兰国组织和与基地组织有关联的团体。

美俄停火协议不适用于这些激进分子，其他组织可在周五前确定是否参加停火。叙利亚主要反对派--高级谈判委员会周一晚间表示，只要它提出的解除封锁、保证人道救援物资运输以及停止对平民轰炸等条件得到满足，就同意停火。

美俄两国周一发表联合声明说，按照停火协议的规定，冲突各方只能在自卫时使用武力。参与停火的各方还同意让人道组织不受阻碍地为被围困地区运送救援物资。

Syria Agrees to US-Russia Cease-fire Plan

Syria said Tuesday it accepts a cease-fire plan proposed by the United States and Russia that would begin Saturday.

A government statement said the military will continue its operations against Islamic State and al-Qaida-linked groups.

The U.S.-Russia plan does not apply to those militants, and any other groups have until Friday to confirm their participation. The main Syrian opposition High Negotiations Committee said late Monday it agrees to the cease-fire as long as its demands for the lifting of sieges, delivery of humanitarian aid and an end of bombings of civilians are met.

In a joint statement Monday, the U.S. and Russia said that under the plan parties involved in the conflict would limit any use of force to situations such as responding in self-defense. The parties would also agree to provide unhindered access to humanitarian groups delivering aid to besieged areas.

报告:中国在南中国海增建军事设施

美国一个独立研究机构说，中国正在建立一个雷达系统，覆盖了其控制下的南中国海有争议岛屿，这一举措将增强中国对该地区的控制能力。

设在华盛顿的战略与国际研究中心在中国外长王毅即将访问美国之际发表了这份报告。王毅在访美期间将同克里国务卿举行会谈。

战略与国际研究中心的亚洲海事透明倡议公布的卫星图片显示了斯普拉特利群岛华阳礁上的高频雷达系统，一座灯塔，一个直升机起降坪，以及地下掩体和其他通讯设备。

报告说，华阳礁上的雷达设施将大大增强中国对南中国海北部海空航行情况的监视能力。

战略与国际研究中心说，中国看来也正在斯普拉特利群岛的较小岛礁上建立雷达设施。

Report: China Expanding Military Assets in South China Sea

An independent U.S. research group says China is building a radar system throughout the disputed islands it holds in the South China Sea, actions that could strengthen its ability to control the region.

A report by the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies was issued on the eve of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi's visit to the United States for talks with Secretary of State John Kerry.

The group's Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative released satellite imagery that shows a high-frequency radar system on Cuarteron reef in the Spratly islands, as well as a lighthouse, a helicopter landing pad, underground bunker and other communications equipment.

The report says the radar facilities on Cuarteron would "significantly bolster China's ability to monitor surface and air traffic" in the northern part of the South China Sea.

CSIS also says China appears to be installing radar facilities at smaller reefs in the Spratly islands.