欧盟土耳其就移民协议细节达成共识

欧盟领导人星期二说，他们已就将数以千计的移民送回土耳其的问题跟安卡拉达成初步协议，并相信在下周举行的峰会上能达成全面协议。

欧盟28个成员国数月来围绕移民危机一直存在分歧，争执不断加剧。欧盟领导人说，他们同意向土耳其提供更多资金来帮助难民，迅速采取措施，放松对土耳其公民签证的要求，加快土耳其加入欧盟的谈判，以此换取土耳其的帮助，制止涌向欧洲的移民潮。

目前的关注焦点是3月17日即将召开的两天峰会，会议期间将最后敲定有关协议，欧盟领导人希望，该协议能让他们的边境地区在今年年底之前恢复常态。

土耳其业已接纳了约270万叙利亚难民。据报道，土耳其要求欧盟再提供33亿美元，这个数额是欧盟已承诺提供援助的两倍。

EU, Turkey Agree on Details of Accord on Migrants

European Union leaders said Tuesday they have reached a possible deal with Ankara to return thousands of migrants to Turkey, and that they are confident a full agreement can be reached at a summit next week.

After months of disagreements and increasing bickering among the 28 EU nations, the leaders said they agreed to give Turkey more money to help refugees, swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's accession talks in exchange for its help in stemming migration flows to Europe.

All eyes now are on March 17 and the start of a two-day summit to finalize the commitment and agree on a deal that the leaders hope will allow for a return to normalcy at their borders by the end of the year.

Turkey, which is sheltering an estimated 2.7 million Syrians, was reported to be asking for an extra $3.3 billion from the EU, roughly twice the amount already pledged by the 28-member bloc.

孟加拉国法院维持对伊斯兰领袖的死刑判决

孟加拉国最高法院驳回了一位重要穆斯林领袖的上诉，维持对他的死刑判决。此人被控在1971年孟加拉脱离巴基斯坦的独立战争期间犯下了战争罪行。

星期二，孟加拉国最高法院首席大法官辛哈宣布了对阿里的这一判决。

63岁的阿里是伊斯兰大会党领袖，他2014年被判定8项罪名成立，其中包括绑架一名年轻男子，对他施以酷刑致死。

孟加拉国说，巴基斯坦军人及其孟加拉同伙在独立战争期间杀害了300万人。伊斯兰大会党是反对孟加拉国独立的。

另外几名孟加拉国穆斯林领袖已因战争罪被处决。伊斯兰大会党和反对党孟加拉国民族主义党批评说，政府的战争罪法庭带有政治动机。

Bangladesh Court Upholds Islamist Leader's Death Sentence

Bangladesh's highest court has rejected an appeal by a senior Islamist leader, upholding his death sentence for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war for independence with Pakistan.

Chief Justice Surendra Kumar Sinha announced the decision Tuesday against Mir Quasem Ali.

The 63-year-old is a leader of the Jamaat-e-Islami party and was convicted in 2014 on eight charges that included the abduction of a young man and his killing in a torture cell.

Bangladesh says local collaborators and Pakistani soldiers killed 3 million people during the fight for independence, which Jamaat-e-Islami opposed.

Several other Islamist leaders have already been executed for war crimes. Jamaat-e-Islami and the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party have criticized the government's war crimes tribunal as politically motivated.