美国对孟加拉国活动人士，美使馆雇员被杀事件提出谴责

美国国务卿克里对孟加拉国同性恋权益活动人士曼南被谋杀一事提出谴责。曼南是美国驻达卡大使馆的雇员。

克里星期一晚间发表声明说，“我们对自己中的一员死于如此愚蠢的暴力而深感悲痛”。克里还说，曼南体现了孟加拉国人民的精神以及他们维护容忍、和平与多元化之传统的骄傲。

曼南和一名同伴星期一被身份不明的袭击者砍死。

曼南是美国国际发展署雇员，他和朋友莫朱姆达尔当时正在他的住所，被5名冒充送货人的袭击者用砍刀杀害。

事发时，一名保安和一名警察试图抓住袭击者，结果被砍伤。

U.S. Condemns Murder of Bangladeshi Activist, Embassy Employee

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has condemned the murder of Bangladeshi gay rights activist Xulhaz Mannan, who was an employee of the U.S. embassy in Dhaka.

Kerry said in a statement late Monday: "We are profoundly saddened by the loss of one of our own in such a senseless act of violence." He also said Xulhaz "embodied the spirit of the people of Bangladesh and the pride with which they guard their traditions of tolerance, peace, and diversity."

Xulhaz and a companion were hacked to death by unidentified attackers on Monday.

A USAID official, Mannan, was at his home with his friend, Tanay Mojumdar, when five attackers arrived, disguised as couriers and pounced on them with machetes.

A security guard and a police officer- who tried to catch the assailants - were wounded in machete attacks.

切尔诺贝利核灾难周年纪念

星期二是切尔诺贝利核灾难30周年。位于切尔诺贝利镇附近的核电站爆炸导致大片地区受到污染。

这场核灾难发生后，两人立即丧生，29人在几星期内死亡。据估计，还有数千人在事故发生后的多年内死于放射性污染引发的癌症或其他疾病。

目前切尔诺贝利核电站的反应堆内还有200多吨铀燃料，人们担心该地区会发生新的放射性物质泄漏。

星期一，国际捐助者承诺再提供9900万美元，为切尔诺贝利核电站修建一个更新、更安全的燃料储存设施。

2011年以来，游客已经可以进入切尔诺贝利参观，切尔诺贝利无人区是冷战时期紧张局势的缩影，保留了1986年时的样子。

Chernobyl Anniversary

Tuesday marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, when an explosion at the power plant near the town contaminated a wide area.

During the catastrophe, two people died immediately, while 29 more died within weeks. It is estimated thousands more have died from cancers and other illnesses in the ensuing years.

More than 200 tons of uranium are still inside the reactor site, fueling fears that new radiation leaks could occur in the area.

International donors on Monday pledged an additional $99 million in aid toward completing a newer, safer fuel storage facility for Chernobyl.

Since 2011, tourists have been allowed to visit Chernobyl. Much of the Chernobyl exclusion zone provides a snapshot of Cold War tensions, frozen in time in 1986.