美国仍是世界最大武器输出国

简氏防务周刊发表的一份新报告说，美国仍然是世界上最大的武器输出国，去年出口了价值接近230亿美元的武器，主要出口地区是中东。

简氏防务周刊星期日发表全球防务贸易年度报告说，全球防务市场贸易额2015年增长了66亿美元，总额达到650亿美元。

简氏防务周刊分析家莫里斯说，全球防务贸易市场的交易额从来不曾有过这样大的增长幅度，2015年创了记录。

报告说，法国的武器销售额2015年增长了一倍多，从80亿美元猛增到180亿美元。报告说，如果按此速度发展下去，法国2018年将超过俄罗斯，成为全球第二大武器输出国。

全球军火贸易去年增长的主要原因是中东国家的需求增加。中东国家去年购进价值约216亿美元的武器装备，其中88亿美元的武器来自美国。

US Continues to Lead World in Weapons Exports

The United States continues to hold the title of the world’s top weapons exporter, supplying almost $23 billion worth of weapons to other countries last year – particularly in the Middle East – according to a new report by IHS Jane's.

Its annual Global Defense Trade Report released on Sunday showed the global defense market rose by $6.6 billion in 2015, up to a total of $65 billion.

“The global defense trade market has never seen an increase as large as the one we saw between 2014 and 2015,” said Ben Moores, senior analyst at IHS. “2015 was a record-breaking year.”

French arms sales more than doubled in 2015 from the year before, rising from $8 billion to $18 billion. If that rate continues, the report said, France will overtake Russia as the second largest defense exporter by 2018.

The increase in global arms sales last year was driven largely by increased demand from countries in the Middle East, which dominated the top of the list and received around $21.6 billion worth of equipment deliveries, including $8.8 billion from the U.S.

美国各地为奥兰多枪击案死难者烛光守夜

在美国各地的几大主要城市，成千上万人星期日晚间举行烛光守夜仪式，哀悼美国历史上最惨重的一次枪击案的50名死难者。

星期日凌晨，29岁的奥马尔·萨迪奇·马丁在佛罗里达州城市奥兰多的“脉搏”夜总会开枪行凶，打死50人，53人受伤，其中一些人伤势严重。凶手出生在美国，父母是阿富汗人。

这家夜总会的顾客主要是同性恋者。

除奥兰多外，波士顿、芝加哥、纽约、旧金山和华盛顿也都举行了守夜仪式。

在曼哈顿，帝国大厦熄灭灯火，以示对遇害者的哀悼。与此同时，世贸中心一号大楼亮起彩虹灯饰，这是同性恋者骄傲的象征。

奥巴马总统下令美国降半旗，向奥兰多枪击案的死难者致哀。

奥巴马宣布，这是一起恐怖主义行动，并表示美国联邦调查局正在领导调查工作。他说，美国将全力以赴，弄清是什么鼓动了那个杀手，以及他是否和恐怖组织有联系。

奥巴马神情严肃地在白宫发表讲话，告诉全国上下因此受到震惊的美国人民说，有人可以轻易得到武器，在学校、教堂、电影院和夜总会杀人。奥巴马说：“我们必须决定这是不是我们所要居住的那种国家，而不作为，也是一种决定。”

美国国防部长卡特说：“如果调查显示这是一起受到伊斯兰国的指使或煽动的恐怖行动，就更坚定了我们击败伊斯兰国、遏制其有害意识形态蔓延以及保护美国人民的决心。”

凶手的前妻对记者说，他具有双重人格，精神上有问题。

Candlelight Vigils Across the Country for Orlando Shooting Victims

Thousands of people held candlelight vigils in several major cities across the U.S. Sunday night for the 50 people shot dead in the worst mass killing in U.S. history.

Twenty-nine-year-old Omar Saddiqui Mateen -- an American born to Afghan parents -- opened fire in the Pulse nightclub in downtown Orlando, Florida early Sunday morning. Fifty people died. Fifty-three people were wounded, some of them gravely.

The nightclub catered to a primarily gay clientele.

Vigils for the shooting victims were held in Orlando itself, as well as in Boston, Chicago, New York, San Francisco and Washington.

In Manhattan, lights on the iconic Empire State Building were turned off in sympathy for the victims. Meanwhile, the spire at One World Trade Center - near the site of the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil - was lit in rainbow colors, the symbol of gay pride.

President Barack Obama ordered U.S. flags to be flown at half-staff in memory of the victims.

Obama declared it an act of terrorism and said the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is leading the investigation. He said no effort will be spared to find out what inspired the killer or if he had any links to terrorist groups.

The grim president again addressed a stunned nation from the White House, saying it is easy for someone to get his hands on a weapon to shoot people in schools, churches, movie theaters and nightclubs. "We have to decide if that's the kind of country we want to be. And to actively do nothing is a decision as well."

Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said, "If investigators conclude this was an act of terror directed or inspired by ISIL (Islamic State), it will only steel our resolve to defeat this depraved enemy, prevent the spread of its hateful ideology, and defend our people."

Mateen's former wife said her ex-husband was bipolor. "He was mentally unstable and mentally ill."