印尼总统改组内阁

印度尼西亚总统佐科星期三任命了13名新内阁部长，包括被指控在上个世纪90年代印尼占领东帝汶时践踏人权的一位退役将军。

维兰托将接替拉胡特·潘雅檀成为新任首席安全部长，潘雅檀将担任首席海事部长。维兰托曾经在1999年担任军方首脑。当时印尼军队和准军事部队血腥镇压东帝汶独立公投。他被联合国法庭起诉犯有反人类罪，但至今尚未受审。

潘雅檀将面对因中国在南中国海声索主权过度而导致的亚太地区紧张局面。

佐科新内阁的另一项主要任命是改革派的现任世界银行常务副行长英卓华。她将出任印尼财政部长。英卓华曾在2005到2010年间担任过财长，成功地引导印尼渡过2008年全球金融危机。

Indonesia's President Reshuffles Cabinet

Indonesian President Joko Widodo installed 13 new cabinet ministers in his government Wednesday, including a former general accused of human rights abuses during the country's brutal occupation of East Timor in the 1990s.

Wiranto is taking on the portfolio of chief security minister from Luhut Pandjaitan, who was named chief minister for maritime affairs. Wiranto headed the military in 1999 when the army and paramilitary forces went on a bloody rampage when East Timor voted to become independent. He was indicted by a United Nations tribunal for crimes against humanity, but as yet to face trial.

Pandjaitan's new post comes as tensions in the Asia-Pacific region are rising over China's claims to much territory in the South China Sea.

Another major figure named to President Widodo's new cabinet is Sri Mulyani Indrawati, a reformist and currently a managing director of the World Bank, who will serve as finance minister. Indrawati served in the post from 2005 to 2010, when she was praised for guiding Indonesia's economy through the 2008 global financial crisis.

when the probe makes its next closest pass across the planet.

叙利亚东北部31人死于连环汽车炸弹袭击

来自监督组织的消息说，星期三有两枚炸弹在叙利亚东北部靠近土耳其边界的卡米什利市爆炸，至少31人丧生，几十人受伤。

总部设在英国的叙利亚人权了望台说，其中一起炸弹袭击的目标是库尔德保安部队总部所在的政府大楼。库尔德政权控制着卡米什利周边地区。

伊斯兰国组织通过阿马克通讯社网站发表声明，宣称对这起针对库尔德保安部队的袭击负责。

伊斯兰国组织正在与库尔德人民保卫军作战，曾经在该地区发动过若干起类似炸弹袭击。

今年4月的一次自杀炸弹袭击炸死6名库尔德保安部队成员。今年7月，伊斯兰国组织发动的自杀炸弹袭击在哈萨卡炸死至少16人。

Dual Car Bombs Kill 31 in Northeast Syria

At least 31 people are dead and dozens more injured in the northeastern Syrian city of Qamishli after a pair of bombs exploded near the Turkish border Wednesday, according to a monitoring group.

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the one of the explosions was meant to target a government building that houses the security headquarters of the Kurdish administration that controls the area surrounding Qamishli.

The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack through a statement published on its Aamaq news agency website, saying that it was targeting Kurdish security forces.

IS is fighting against the Kurdish YPG militia and has carried out several similar bombings in the area in the past.

A suicide blast killed six members of the Kurdish internal security force, known as the Asayish, in April. In July, an IS suicide bomber killed at least 16 people in Hasaka.