利亚亲政府军据报在阿勒颇打死82名平民

联合国星期二表示，有消息显示，叙利亚亲政府武装力量在阿勒颇四个不同区域杀死了至少82名平民。阿勒颇被反对派控制的最后一些区域“即将”全面被政府军夺回。

联合国人权事务发言人科尔维尔在日内瓦对媒体说，消息的真伪难以确认，也难以确定屠杀是在什么时间发生的。

他说：“我们非常希望这些报告是错误的，或是被夸大的。”

科尔维尔要求允许联合国或其他像国际红十字委员会这样的组织监视阿勒颇的情况，以便减轻对潜在人权危害的担忧。

国际红十字会星期二警告说，阿勒颇东部成千上万平民“完全无处可逃”，并敦促交战各方保护这些平民。

国际红十字会发表声明说，寻找人道解决方案的时间所剩无几，该组织愿意协助实施任何将平民百姓的利益放在首位的方案。

Reports Say Pro-Syrian Forces Killed 82 Civilians in Aleppo

The United Nations said Tuesday it has received reports of pro-government forces in Syria killing at least 82 civilians in four different neighborhoods in the city of Aleppo, where the recapture of the last areas held by rebels is "imminent."

U.N. rights spokesman Rupert Colville told reporters in Geneva it is difficult to verify reports, and that it was not clear when exactly the killings were to have taken place.

"We hope profoundly that these reports are wrong or exaggerated," he said.

Colville called for the U.N. or another organization such as the International Committee of the Red Cross to be allowed to monitor the situation in Aleppo in order to alleviate concerns about potential rights abuses.

The ICRC also warned Tuesday that thousands of civilians in eastern Aleppo "have literally nowhere safe to run" and urged those involved in fighting there to protect them.

The group said in a statement that time is running out to find a humanitarian solution, and that it is ready to help put in place any agreement that puts civilians first.

谷歌与古巴签署互联网合作协议

谷歌星期一与古巴政府签署协议，让古巴的互联网用户能更快地接触到谷歌提供的内容。

谷歌母公司总裁埃里克∙施密特与国有的古巴通讯公司负责人签署了这项协议。协议让古巴的互联网用户能更快地接触到谷歌全球缓存网络，该网络将Gmail和Youtube等网站上的内容存储在距离用户更近的服务器上。

古巴目前公共上网只限于低速昂贵的WIFI 网点，所以目前还不清楚，这一协议短期内会对互联网服务起到什么样的效果。

美国总统奥巴马下个月卸任。古巴和美国官员正在抓紧时间完成洽谈当中的商业协议。

Google Signs Internet Deal With Cuba

Google signed an agreement with the Cuban government on Monday granting internet users on the Communist-run island quicker access to its branded content.

Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google's parent company, signed the deal with the president of state telecommunications monopoly ETECSA. It grants Cubans speedy access to the Google Global Cache network, which stores content from sites such as Gmail and YouTube on servers located closer to end users.

In a country where public internet access is limited to slow and expensive Wi-Fi hot spots, it was not clear how the deal would affect service in the short term.

The Google deal comes as officials in Havana and Washington are working to wrap up pending commercial accords before President Barack Obama leaves office next month.