希拉里·克林顿电邮争议再起

美国政府官员否认国务院和联邦调查局曾提出过任何交易，以变更希拉里·克林顿电邮的等级，来换取联邦调查局更多特工被允许派驻海外。

国务院副发言人托纳说：“我们否认任何有关交易的说法，即通过将某个电邮等级升级，来换取联邦调查局官员派驻巴格达的新名额”。

在国务院星期一每日简报会的记者密集提问过程中，托纳称，任何有关提出过这种交易的影射都是一种“侮辱”。

依据星期一早些时候公布的联邦调查局官员的面谈纪要，该局一位官员对调查人员说，国务次卿帕特里克·肯尼迪曾向联邦调查局施压，要求解密克林顿任国务卿期间通过私营服务器所发的一份电邮的内容。

报道援引肯尼迪的话说，降低存档的电邮分类等级，可能会使这份电邮“永远不被看到。” 这里所指电邮与2012年对美国驻利比亚班加西外交使团驻地的袭击事件有关。4名美国人在围困事件中丧生，其中包括当时的美国大使克里斯托夫·史蒂文斯。事件发生后，批评克林顿的保守派人士激烈攻击克林顿，说她涉嫌无视安全警告，并且进行掩盖。

希拉里·克林顿的主要对手，共和党总统提名人唐纳德·川普，星期一在社交媒体平台推特上，称新公布的有关文件内容简直“难以置信”，并说这是“确凿的腐败”证据。

Clinton Email Controversy Reignites

U.S. government officials are denying that any deal was proposed between the State Department and the FBI on changing the classification of a Hillary Clinton e-mail in exchange for allowing more of the bureau’s agents to be posted overseas.

“We dispute the assertion that there was any kind of quid pro quo involving the case of upgrading an e-mail in exchange for additional slots for FBI officials in Baghdad,” said deputy spokesman Mark Toner.

During intense questioning by reporters at the department’s daily briefing Monday, Toner called any insinuation of a proposed deal “insulting.”

According to summaries of interviews with FBI officials released earlier in the day, a bureau official told investigators that Undersecretary of State Patrick Kennedy pressured the FBI to declassify information in one of the emails from the private server of Clinton from the time she served as secretary of state.

Downgrading the email's classification level for archiving would have allowed it – as Kennedy is quoted as saying -- “never to be seen again.” The particular email related to the 2012 attack on a U.S. compound in Benghazi, Libya. Four Americans died in the siege, including then-Ambassador Christopher Stevens. Since the incident, conservative critics of Clinton have fiercely attacked her for allegedly ignoring security warnings and engaging in a cover-up.

Her main opponent, Republic Party nominee Donald Trump, on the social media platform Twitter Monday, characterized the newly released documents as “unbelievable” and evidence of “corruption confirmed.”

伊拉克和库尔德战斗人员报告收复摩苏尔之战初胜

伊拉克和库尔德部队说，他们已经收复了北部城市摩苏尔郊外的许多村庄，与此同时正在将进攻向前推进，努力从伊斯兰国极端分子手中收复对该地区的控制权。

在美国为首的联军空袭支援以及逊尼部落力量和什叶派民兵的参与下，这次行动星期二进入第二天，战斗依然在摩苏尔城外进行。

库尔德总统巴扎尼说，第一天的战斗解放了两百平方公里土地。他宣布“摩苏尔将得到解放”，并说他领导的战士们正在尽最大努力，使摩苏尔不变成叙利亚阿勒颇那样惨遭战争蹂躏的城市。

这是美国作战部队五年前撤离以来伊拉克境内最大的一次军事行动。不过，这次军事行动也引起了对该地区数万民众安全的担忧。

五角大楼发言人库克星期一表示，伊拉克和库尔德部队“迄今行动速度超出预期”。他说，美国部队在摩苏尔郊外发挥支援作用，不过“率先的是伊拉克人”。

Iraqi, Kurdish Fighters Report Early Success in Battle to Retake Mosul from Islamic State

Iraqi and Kurdish forces say they have retaken a number of villages outside the northern city of Mosul, as they press an offensive to reclaim control of the area from Islamic State militants.

The operation, backed by airstrikes from a U.S.-led coalition and involving Sunni tribal forces and Shi'ite militias, went on for its second day Tuesday with the fighting still located outside of Mosul itself.

Kurdish President Masoud Barzani said the first day of fighting freed 200 square kilometers. He declared "Mosul will be liberated," and added that his fighters are doing their best to keep the city from becoming like war-battered Aleppo, Syria.

This is the largest military operation in Iraq since U.S. combat forces left five years ago, but it is raising concerns about the safety of hundreds of thousands of civilians in the area.

Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook said Monday that Iraqi and Kurdish forces are "ahead of schedule so far." He said U.S. troops are on the outskirts of Mosul in a support role, but that "Iraqis are in the lead."