希拉里成为美国首位女总统候选人

希拉里·克林顿星期二赢得民主党总统候选人提名所需代表人票数，从而将成为美国历史上首位代表一个重要政党角逐白宫的女性。

星期二，另一位民主党总统参选人、佛蒙特州国会参议员桑德斯在北达科他州和蒙塔纳州的初选中获胜，而希拉里·克林顿赢得了南达科他州、新墨西哥州和新泽西州。

希拉里·克林顿还拿下了最大的拥有475张代表人票的加利福尼亚州初选，获得大部分代表人票。

奥巴马总统星期二给两位参选人打电话，祝贺希拉里·克林顿获得确保民主党总统候选人提名的代表人票。奥巴马也感谢桑德斯激励了众多美国选民，使人们关注如经济平等的一系列社会问题。

桑德斯在加利福尼亚州对支持者们说，他星期二晚上给希拉里·克林顿打电话，向她表示祝贺。他说，要共同努力击败川普，但他没有承认希拉里·克林顿已成为民主党推定总统候选人，也没有显示退选的意图，并表示要“继续战斗”。

加利福尼亚州的初选结果尚未公布。在民主党7月举行代表大会时，希拉里·克林顿才将被正式提名为该党总统候选人。

Hillary Clinton to be America's First Female Presidential Nominee

Hillary Clinton claimed the Democratic presidential nomination Tuesday, which would make her the first woman to represent a major party in the race for the White House.

Her democratic rival, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, won North Dakota and Montana Tuesday, but Clinton won South Dakota, New Mexico, and New Jersey.

Clinton also won the largest state in question, California, securing a majority of its 475 delegates.

President Obama called both candidates Tuesday, congratulating Secretary Clinton for securing the necessary delegates to secure the nomination. He also thanked Senator Sanders for mobilizing millions of Americans and bringing attention to issues such as fighting economic inequality.

Sanders told supporters in California that he called Secretary Clinton Tuesday evening to congratulate her. He spoke about working together to defeat Trump, but did not acknowledge Clinton's presumptive nomination and gave no indication that he intended to concede, vowing to "continue the fight".

California results are not yet available. Clinton will not be the party's official nominee until the voting at the Democratic convention in July.

走私移民人口的蛇头被引渡到意大利

意大利警方周三表示，苏丹引渡了一名男子，此人涉嫌是一个向意大利走私移民的网络头目。

此人名叫密尔德，是厄立特里亚人，现年35岁，五月底在喀土穆被捕，他因跨境走私人口遭通缉已有一年多。

意大利警方在声明中说：“密尔德被认为是在利比亚至撒哈拉以南一线活动的最大移民走私蛇头”。“他不仅指挥非洲的运作，也为意大利同伙提供船只抵达最新日期，以便让移民能够继续前往（欧洲）最终目的地。”

警方还表示，监听电话录音显示，密尔德与北欧人贩保持联系。警方还指出，密尔德“漠视移民性命，愤世嫉俗，而且肆无忌惮”。

苏丹部队与意大利和英国情报机构合作追捕密尔德。密尔德是第一位在非洲被捕，后在意大利拘押的涉嫌蛇头。同希腊一样，意大利2008年以来一直受成千上万移民潮的困扰。

Top Migrant Smuggler Extradited to Italy

Sudan has extradited a man suspected of being behind a migrant trafficking network to Italy, Italian police said Wednesday.

The Eritrean Medhanie Yehdego Mered, 35, was arrested in Khartoum at the end of May. He has been on a wanted list for over a year for international people smuggling.

"Mered is considered one of the biggest migrant traffickers operating on the Libyan-sub-Saharan route," Italian police said in a statement. "He directed operations not only in Africa but also kept fellow operators in Italy up to date on the arrival of boats, to enable the migrants to continue to their final destinations [in Europe]."

Police have also said that tapped phone conversations indicate Mered was in contact with traffickers in Northern Europe. They also indicated that he showed "disregard for the lives of the migrants, appearing cynical and unscrupulous."

Sudanese forces worked with Italian and British intelligence to track down Mered. He is the first suspected top smuggler to be arrested in Africa and detained in Italy which, like Greece, has been overwhelmed by an influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants since 2008.