被朝鲜拘留的美大学生“公开认罪”

被朝鲜拘留的一名美国大学生公开承认试图从平壤一家旅馆盗取一件政治宣传标语。

瓦姆比尔在朝鲜警卫的看押下，星期一在朝鲜首都与一些朝鲜和外国记者见面。21岁的瓦姆比尔是美国维吉尼亚大学学生，他随旅游团到朝鲜旅游，上个月准备登机离开朝鲜时被逮捕。瓦姆比尔被控在美国帮助下，做出对朝鲜带有敌意的行为。

瓦姆比尔告诉记者说，他从那家旅馆的职员专用区取走了一件政治标语，准备送给自己教会的一名教友，这名教友要把它作为“战利品”悬挂起来。

他表示，那位教友提出用一辆价值1万美元的旧车交换。教友还说，如果瓦姆比尔被抓住，无法返回美国，他就给瓦姆比尔的母亲20万美元。

Detained American in North Korea Makes 'Public Confession'

An American college student detained in North Korea has publicly confessed to attempting to steal a political banner from a Pyongyang hotel.

Otto Warmbier appeared before a group of domestic and foreign journalists Monday in the North Korean capital, accompanied by North Korean guards. The 21-year-old University of Virginia student, who was visiting North Korea with a tour group, was arrested last month before boarding a plane out of the country. He has been charged with committing a hostile act against the state, with the help of the United States.

Warmbier told reporters he removed a political slogan from a staff-only area of the hotel where the group was staying to give to a member of his church who wanted the banner to display as a "trophy."

He said the church member offered him a used car worth $10,000 and told him that if he was caught and unable to return, Warmbier's mother would get $200,000.

地区紧张加剧 中国军火出口翻番

一家研究机构说，随着中国开始在全球军火工业中扮演重要角色，中国的军火出口在过去5年间几乎增长了一倍。

斯德哥尔摩国际和平研究所说，从2011年至2015年，中国的军火出口增长了88%。

该机构资深研究员魏泽曼说，“中国在积极推动军火出口，其中很多是输出到与中国长期保持良好关系的国家，因此中国出口武器也有战略方面的考虑。输出国有巴基斯坦、孟加拉国和缅甸等。”

中国目前是世界第3大军火出口国，仅次于美国和俄罗斯。2011年至2015年间，中国的军火出口占全球军火出口总量的将近6%。

China Arms Exports Double as Regional Tensions Mount

A research group says China’s arms exports have almost doubled in five years as the country has moved to become a major player in the global industry.

Chinese exports of major arms grew by 88 percent between 2011 and 2015, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI).

“China is actively pushing for exports. A lot of the exports are going to countries where China has had good relations for a long time, so there’s also a strategic incentive for China to supply weapons. Pakistan for example, Bangladesh, Myanmar,” said Siemon Wezeman, a senior researcher with the institute.

China is now the world’s third largest arms exporter behind the U.S. and Russia, and the country accounted for nearly six percent of arms exports between 2011 and 2015.