科隆袭击事件聚焦移民

德国官员说，科隆新年除夕涉嫌攻击妇女的嫌疑人几乎所有都“来自外国”。

德国北莱茵-威斯特伐利亚州的内政部长拉尔夫·耶格星期一说，根据警方报告和目击者证词，“所有迹象都表明”，这些犯罪嫌疑人“来自北非或阿拉伯世界”。他说，目前有19名嫌疑人正在接受调查，其中14人来自摩洛哥和阿尔及利亚。嫌疑人中有10人正在寻求庇护，其中9人是2015年9月以后来到德国的。

科隆局势高度紧张，500多名妇女说她们受到攻击。据说新年除夕，约一千名男子在科隆主要车站前对妇女进行围攻、骚扰和性攻击，许多妇女还被抢走了财物。

德国城市科隆星期天发生了几起团伙攻击案，造成两名巴基斯坦人和一名叙利亚人受伤。警方说，一个大约20人的团伙星期天晚间攻击了6名巴基斯坦人，其中两人必须送到医院救治。此后不久，另外一个团伙攻击并打伤了一名叙利亚男子。

Attacks in Cologne Focus Attention on Migrants

German officials say nearly all the suspects for a rash of attacks on women in Cologne on New Year's Eve were "of foreign origin."

Ralf Jaeger, the interior minister from the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, said Monday, based on police reports and eyewitness accounts, that "all signs point" to the suspects "being North Africans and people from the Arab world." He said that 19 suspects are currently being investigated, including 14 men from Morocco and Algeria. Ten of the suspects are asylum seekers, nine of whom arrived in Germany after September 2015.

Tensions are running high in Cologne with more than 500 reports from women about the assaults. Around 1,000 men are said to have surrounded, harassed and sexually assaulted women, many of whom were also robbed of their belongings, in front of Cologne's main train station on New Year's Eve.

Two Pakistanis and a Syrian were injured in separate attacks Sunday by mobs in Cologne. Police say a group of about 20 people late Sunday attacked six Pakistanis, two of whom had to be hospitalized. A short time later, a group attacked and injured a Syrian man.

媒体报道：俄罗斯将减少国际空间站拨款

俄罗斯媒体报道说，俄罗斯政府计划削减在未来10年内用于国际空间站的开支。

俄罗斯《新闻报》报道，俄罗斯2016-25年的预算草案包括大约三十三亿美元用于空间站，平均一年大约三亿三千万美元，比去年4月草案中拨款少了百分之十。

俄罗斯宇航局是运营国际空间站的五个机构之一。国际空间站有来自不同国家的宇航员轮流到那里进行科学试验。美国接送宇航员所用的航天飞机退役后，俄罗斯发挥了在地球与空间站之间接送宇航员的重要作用。

国际空间站1998年发射升空以来，美国对空间站预算的贡献最大，每年拨款约30亿美元。

Reports: Russia to Spend Less on International Space Station

Russian media say the government plans to cut the amount of money it spends on the International Space Station during the next decade.

The Izvestiya daily reports the latest budget drafts for 2016-25 include about $3.3 billion in spending on the station, or about $330 million a year. That is a 10 percent reduction from a previous draft in April.

Russia's space agency is one of five that works together to operate the station with a rotating crew of astronauts that conduct experiments. Russia plays a key role in transporting the crew to and from the station, since the United States retired its fleet of vehicles to send astronauts into space.

The United States has funded the largest portion of the station's budget since it launched in 1998 and currently spends about $3 billion a year on the project.