FBI雇员承认为中国提供情报

美国联邦调查局一名电器技术员认罪，承认自己为中国政府提供情报。

这名联邦调查局雇员名叫秦昆山（音译），出生在中国，是美国公民。他星期一在纽约市联邦法庭承认自己给中国提供敏感情报。

美国司法部表示，淳昆山给中国提供的情报包括联邦调查的组织结构，一名FBI调查员的身份和旅行计划，以及在安全管制区内拍摄涉及监控技术文件的照片。

淳昆山今年46岁，可能会被判刑27个月。他周一取保候审，法庭计划12月2日做出判决。

司法部表示，淳昆山从1997年开始在联邦调查局工作，1998年通过了最高级别的安全审查，因此他可以接触敏感情报。

检察官指控淳昆山从2011年到2016年通过他父母投资的一家中国打印机制造商给中国传递秘密情报。

检察官说，这家在中国珠海的技术公司给淳昆山提供去中国的部分旅行费用。今年3月，淳昆山最初受到的指控是欺骗联邦调查局，隐瞒他与这家中国公司的关系。

FBI Employee Pleads Guilty to Acting as a Chinese Agent

A U.S. electronics technician with the Federal Bureau of Investigation has pleaded guilty to acting as an agent of the Chinese government.

Kun Shan Chun, who was born in China and is a naturalized U.S. citizen, admitted in federal court in New York City Monday to giving sensitive information to China.

The Justice Department said that information included an FBI organizational chart, the identity and travel plans of an FBI agent, and photos Chun took of documents displayed in a restricted area of the FBI related to surveillance.

Chun, who is 46, faces up to 27 months in prison. He was released on bail Monday and is scheduled to be sentenced on December 2.

The Justice Department said Chun has worked for the FBI since 1997 and was given a top secret security clearance in 1998 which enabled him to access sensitive information.

Prosecutors accuse Chun of passing classified information to the Chinese from 2011 to 2016 through a printer manufacturing company in China that one of Chun's parents had invested in.

They say the company, Zhuhai Kolion Technology Company Ltd., paid for part of Chun's international travel to China. Chun was initially charged in March for making false statements to the FBI to hide his contact with the Chinese company.

美军对利比亚境内伊斯兰国组织发动空袭

五角大楼星期一表示，美军对利比亚境内的伊斯兰国目标发动了空袭。
美国和利比亚的官员说，这次空袭是应联合国支持的利比亚全国团结政府（GNA）的要求对苏尔特的伊斯兰国据点发动的。

五角大楼说，美国总统授权实施这次空袭，目的是给团结政府的部队提供支援。建议发动空袭行动的是美国国防部长卡特和参谋长联席会议主席邓福德。

五角大楼发言人库克周一对记者说，一次空袭击中了伊斯兰国的一辆坦克，这辆坦克对利比亚团结政府的军队构成直接威胁，并且滥杀该地区的平民。另外一次空袭击中了该组织的两辆汽车。

US Strikes Islamic State in Libya

The U.S. military has conducted air strikes against Islamic State targets in Libya, the Pentagon said Monday.

The strikes were conducted in the Islamic State stronghold of Sirte at the request of the U.N.-backed Libyan Government of National Accord (GNA), according to U.S. and Libyan officials.

The Pentagon says the president authorized the strikes in support of GNA-affiliated forces after they were recommended by Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joe Dunford.

Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook told reporters Monday one strike hit an IS tank that had directly challenged GNA-aligned forces and indiscriminately targeted civilians in the area. Another strike hit two IS vehicles.