美韩开始年度联合军演，朝鲜反应强烈

在朝鲜军事报复的威胁下，美韩两国开始了它们的年度联合军演。

大约两万五千名美国士兵和5万名韩国士兵参加了为期两周的以模拟为主的“乙支自由卫士”联合军演。美韩年度联合军演通常会激怒朝鲜。朝鲜说，它把此类演习看作是对朝鲜发动全面侵略的预演。但是，首尔和华盛顿坚决表示，演习完全是防御性质的。

朝鲜军方星期一发布声明说，一旦朝鲜主权受到威胁，它已经准备好以朝鲜式的先发制人的核袭击，把美国和华盛顿变成一片废墟。

近几个月来，朝鲜半岛的紧张局势日益恶化。朝鲜因为从事了一系列核武器和弹道导弹测试而受到联合国的严厉制裁。最近，朝鲜驻英国大使馆的一名高层外交官、外交公使太勇浩（音）的叛逃，有可能加剧了朝鲜半岛的紧张关系。朝鲜称此人是“人渣”，并指控他从事了包括性骚扰儿童在内的一系列刑事犯罪行为。

韩国总统朴槿惠星期一对韩国全国安全委员会说，太勇浩的叛逃表明朝鲜执政精英内部存在“严重分裂”。

US, South Korea Begin Annual Military Drill, Despite Threats from Pyongyang

South Korea and the United States have begun their annual joint military exercise under the threat of military retaliation by North Korea.

About 25,000 U.S. forces and 50,000 South Korean troops are involved in the two-week Operation Ulchi Freedom exercise, which is largely simulated. The annual drills routinely anger Pyongyang, which says it sees the drills as a rehearsal for a full-scale invasion of the North, despite insistence by Seoul and Washington that the drills are purely defensive in nature.

A statement issued Monday by the North's military said its first-strike units were ready to turn the U.S. and Washington "into a heap of ashes through a Korean-style preemptive nuclear strike," if North Korea's sovereignty is threatened.

Tensions on the Korean peninsula have worsened in recent months, with North Korea under harsh U.N. sanctions over a series of tests of its nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles. Relations are also likely aggravated by the recent defection of a high-ranking diplomat, Thae Yong Ho; Pyongyang's deputy ambassador to Britain. The North denounced Thae as "human scum" and accused him of a number of criminal acts, including child molestation.

South Korean President Park Guen-hye told her National Security Council Monday that Thae's defection was a sign of "serious cracks" in North Korea's ruling elites.

美籍华裔女子企图对华出口军用飞机发动机被判刑

在美籍华人满文霞（音译）被捕前，她就知道做中间人向中国政府出售价值5000万美元的军事装备是充满风险的。

根据联邦法庭的文件，来自加州的满文霞向一名伪装成军火商的联邦卧底探员承认，她知道走私出口3个战斗机引擎和一架无人机是非法行为。

不过，有关当局说，她仍然铤而走险，与假冒的军火商和中国的“技术间谍”张新生（音译）交流沟通。张新生是为中国政府进口军事设备与技术资料的官方代理人。

满文霞已婚，45岁，有两个孩子。她是圣地亚哥一家技术零件公司副总裁，英文名字叫Wency。她将为参与这起阴谋入狱50个月。一位法官上周在佛罗里达南部地区的一家法庭做出了以上裁决。

如果交易成功，满文霞将获得100万美元的佣金，但是已经进行了近一年的协商在2013年陷入僵局。

美国1990年开始对中国实行武器禁运。如果没有美国政府的书面批准，不允许向中国出售或转让任何国防设备。满文霞不是一名注册的经纪人，她于2015年9月被捕，但对“阴谋策划向中国出口并导致美国的国防物资出口以及无证充当国防物资经纪人”的罪名表示不认罪。陪审团于6月判定她罪名成立。

满文霞在中国出生，2006年成为美国公民。

U.S. Woman Sentenced in Plot to Smuggle Military Jet Engines to China

Before Wenxia Man was arrested for attempting to broker the $50 million sale of military equipment to the Chinese government, she knew the risks.

In conversations with an undercover federal agent posing as a dealer, the California woman admitted she knew smuggling three jet engines and a drone out of the U.S. would be illegal, according to federal court documents.

Yet she pressed on, communicating with the fake dealer and a Chinese "technology spy," Xinsheng Zhang, who was acting as an official agent for the Chinese government to import military equipment and technical data, authorities said.

Now Man, a 45 year-old married mother of two young children and vice president of a tech parts company in San Diego who also goes by the name Wency, will serve out a 50-month sentence for her role in the plot. A judge handed down the ruling in a south Florida U.S. district court last week.

Man stood to receive a $1 million commission on the deal if it had gone, but nearly year-long discussions stalled in 2013.

The U.S. has had an arms embargo against China since 1990; no defense items can be sold or transferred to the country without written government approval, and Man wasn't a registered broker. Man was arrested in September 2015 and pleaded not guilty to federal charges of Conspiracy to Export and Cause the Export of Defense Articles from the United States and unlicensed brokering of defense articles. A jury convicted her in June.

Man, who was born in China, has been a U.S. citizen since 2006.