核安全峰会着重朝鲜和伊斯兰国问题

美国总统奥巴马星期五将在华盛顿举行的核安全峰会上发表讲话。很多国家领导人都出席了这次为期两天的峰会，星期五是峰会的第二天，也是最后一天。

奥巴马总统星期四表示，布鲁塞尔等地发生袭击后，亟待解决的问题不仅是核安全，而且还有根除恐怖主义。

这是奥巴马总统任内举行的第4次、也是最后一次核安全峰会。目前，伊斯兰国激进分子可能施放放射性炸弹，以及朝鲜发展核武器等问题都让外界日益紧张。

在美国国务院举行的部长级工作晚餐上，美国国务卿克里说，实现核安全的进展有时非常缓慢，还有大量工作要做。但克里表示，每向前迈进一步，就是离危险远了一步。

星期四早些时候，奥巴马与一些国家领导人进行了一系列会晤。奥巴马会见了韩国总统朴槿惠和日本首相安倍晋三，讨论平壤今年1月核试验和2月试射远程导弹所构成的威胁。

奥巴马晚些时候还会见了中国国家主席习近平，朝鲜核项目问题也是双方的讨论重点。

习近平一上来就说，“我们希望在朝鲜核问题以及其他地区和全球问题上加强联络与合作。”

华盛顿认为，北京作为朝鲜盟友，是联合国制裁朝鲜措施能否落实的关键因素。

Focus on North Korea, Islamic State at Nuclear Summit

U.S. President Barack Obama will speak Friday at the end of the second and final day of the nuclear security summit in Washington attended by world leaders.

The U.S. leader said Thursday that in the wake of attacks in places including Brussels, there is “not only great urgency around the nuclear issue but eliminating generally the scourge of terrorism.”

Obama’s fourth and final nuclear summit has come at a time of heightened concern about the possibility that Islamic State militants could set off radioactive bombs, and also about North Korea’s nuclear weapons development.

At a State Department ministerial level dinner, Secretary of State John Kerry said there have been times when nuclear security progress has been slow, and there remains an “enormous amount more to do. But every step forward that we take is a step away from danger."

Earlier Thursday, Obama held a series of meetings with leaders. He met with South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to discuss the North Korean threat following Pyongyang's January nuclear test and a long-range missile launch in February.

Pyongyang also was among the focal points when Obama sat down later with Chinese President Xi Jinping.

"We want to enhance communication and coordination on the Korean nuclear issue and other regional and global issues," said Xi at the start of the talks.

Washington views Beijing, Pyongyang's ally, as key in enforcing U.N. sanctions against North Korea for its weapons development.

土耳其记者被控间谍罪面临终身监禁

土耳其法院对两名记者的审理继续进行。两名被告因在报道中称土耳其政府向叙利亚偷运武器而被指控犯有间谍罪和协助恐怖主义组织罪。

法庭对《共和报》总编詹•丁达尔和驻安卡拉记者站主管埃德姆•居尔进行闭门审理。如果罪名成立，两人将面临终身监禁。

他们的案件被视为一场对新闻自由的考验，引起了国际关注。案件于上周五进行审理，但是由于反对起诉两名记者的律师和政界人士无视法官闭门审理案件的裁决所以被迫休庭。法院休庭到这个星期。

抗议者聚集在伊斯坦布尔的法院高喊“新闻自由，社会自由”的口号。

两人被控刊登了2014年一月开往叙利亚的卡车的图片，《共和报》报道称，这些图片证明土耳其当时在向叙利亚偷运武器。

Turkish Journalists Face Life Imprisonment for Espionage

The trial of two Turkish journalists has resumed, with the two defendants facing charges of espionage and aiding a terrorist organization for their reporting that alleged the government was smuggling arms to Syria.

The closed-door trial involves Cumhuriyet newspaper editor-in-chief Can Dundar and Ankara bureau chief Erdem Gul. They could get sentences of life imprisonment if found guilty.

Their case, which has generated international interest as a test of press freedom, went to trial last Friday, but was adjourned until this week after opposition lawyers and politicians ignored the judge’s ruling to close the courtroom to the public.

Protesters have gathered at the courthouse in Istanbul calling, "Free press, free society."

The men are accused of publishing images that date back to January 2014 of Syria-bound trucks, which the newspaper said proved Turkey was smuggling arms into that country.