发言人：南苏丹马查尔已经“撤离”

苏丹人民解放运动的发言人告诉美国之音的“非洲拂晓”节目，南苏丹反政府武装领导人、过渡联合政府的前第一副总统马查尔星期四将打破沉默。

马查尔的支持者和政府军在首都朱巴发生冲突后，马查尔自7月初以来一直在藏匿之中。

南苏丹总统萨尔瓦·基尔随即解除了马查尔第一副总统的职务，并任命塔班·登格·盖声接替。登格·盖本人得到了马查尔领导的南苏丹人民解放运动一个分离派系的支持。

苏丹人民解放运动全国信息和公共关系委员会负责人马比奥·加朗·马比奥告诉美国之音，马查尔已经“安全撤离”到另外一个东非国家，并将在那里举行新闻发布会。他说，马查尔的下落是保密的，因为“和平的敌人”仍在追捕他，并跟踪他的一举一动以及电话通讯。

政府否认了之前有关试图暗杀马查尔的指控。

Spokesman: South Sudan's Machar "Evacuated"

South Sudan rebel leader and former first vice president in the Transitional Government of National Unity, Riek Machar, will break his silence Thursday, a spokesman for the SPLM-IO movement told VOA Daybreak Africa.

Machar has been in hiding since early July following clashes between his supporters and government troops in the capital, Juba.

President Salva Kiir then sacked Machar as first vice president and replaced him with Taban Deng Gai, who was backed by a breakaway faction of Machar’s SPLM-IO movement.

Mabior Garang de Mabior, chairman of the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement in Opposition (SPLM-IO) National Committee for Information and Public Relations, told VOA that Machar has been “safely evacuated” to another country in East Africa and will hold a news conference. He said Machar’s whereabouts remain secret because the “enemies of peace” are still pursuing Machar, tracking his every move and phone communication.

The government has denied previous allegations that it has tried to assassinate Machar.

美国：朝鲜的钚再处理违反联合国决议

平壤显示要重启核活动，每年生产至少足够一枚核弹使用的钚材料，这一发展使美国再度对朝鲜提出关注。

朝鲜原子能研究院在給日本共同社的一份书面回覆中做出了这一宣布。它证实了情报界、学术界以及分析人士近几个月来一直所断言的：平壤已经兑现了它做出的要恢复在宁边核设施的核活动的誓言。

美国国务院副发言人马克·托纳在回答美国之音记者的提问时说：“如果这些报道属实，显而易见，它违反了联合国安理会有关禁止这类活动的决议。”

根据2007年朝鲜与美国、中国、日本、俄罗斯和韩国这五个国家达成的协议，宁边核设施5兆瓦的核反应炉以及其它设施被关闭。但是，朝鲜2013年誓言要在首都以北90公里的地方恢复核活动。

联合国国际原子能机构尚未作出公开回应，但那里的官员指出，朝鲜的上述宣布并不令人感到意外。该机构总干事天野之弥6月份对记者说，宁边的核反应炉已重新启动，以便进行核材料的浓缩或再处理。

国际原子能机构将在几个星期后公布有关朝鲜核活动的年度报告，其中将包括有关这个对外封闭的国家原子能活动的附加评估。

US: North Korean Plutonium Reprocessing Violates UN Resolutions
The United States expressed fresh concern about North Korea after Pyongyang indicated renewed nuclear activity that would allow it to churn out at least enough plutonium for one bomb annually.

The announcement, made by North Korea’s Atomic Energy Institute, in a written response to Japan’s Kyodo News agency, confirms what the intelligence community, academics and analysts have been asserting for months: Pyongyang has made good on its vow to resume activities at the Yongbyon nuclear complex.

“If these reports are correct, it is obviously a clear violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions, which prohibit such activities,” State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said in response to a VOA question.

The 5 megawatt reactor and other facilities at Yongbyon were shut down under an agreement reached in 2007 involving North Korea and five other countries: the United States, China, Japan, Russia and South Korea. The North vowed in 2013 to resume activities 90 kilometers north of the capital.

The International Atomic Energy Agency, a U.N. body, had no immediate public reaction, but officials there noted the announcement comes as no surprise. IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano told reporters in June that the Yongbyon reactor had been restarted, either for enrichment or reprocessing.

The IAEA is to issue its annual report on North Korea’s nuclear activities in a few weeks, which will contain additional assessments of the reclusive state’s atomic activities.