马来西亚总理为严格的反恐法辩护

马来西亚总理纳吉布说，该国的新反恐法是抗击他所说的伊斯兰国组织“切实”威胁的必要武器。

纳吉布星期一在为期两天的对抗暴力极端主义国际会议开始时做出上述表示。

新反恐法受到人权活动人士的抨击，因为它重新引入了以前实施了几十年的做法，允许警察不经审讯拘押嫌疑人。

纳吉布总理说，他理解维护公民自由的需要，但是指出，“在伊斯兰国组织的存在下无公民自由可言”。他说：“维护公民自由的最好办法就是确保国家安全。”

Malaysia PM Defends Strict Counterterrorism Laws

Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said his country's new anti-terrorism laws are a necessary weapon against what he said are "very real" threats by the Islamic State group.

Najib offered the defense Monday in Kuala Lumpur at the start of a two-day international conference on violent extremism.

The new laws have come under fire from human rights activists over the return of a decades-old practice that allows police to detain suspects without trial.

Najib said he understood the need to maintain civil liberties, but pointed out that "there are no civil liberties under Daesh," using an alternative name for IS. "The best way to uphold civil liberties is to ensure the safety of the nation."

伊斯兰国公布视频 显示巴黎恐袭凶手画面

伊斯兰国公布了一段视频，其中显示9名激进分子在伊拉克和叙利亚对囚犯进行斩首和杀戮的画面，而这9个人看来都参与了巴黎恐怖袭击。

这段视频中展示了去年11月袭击事件的场面，把这9名男子称为让巴黎跪倒在地的“狮子”。事件发生后不久，这9名激进分子都在警察突袭中被击毙。

在巴黎袭击中，极端分子在巴黎几个地点炸死和枪杀了130人。大部分极端分子来自比利时和法国。

视频中还出现了英国首相卡梅伦的画面，并警告说，不信奉伊斯兰教的人将成为袭击目标。

英国参与了美国领导的空袭伊斯兰国目标的行动。

英国军队最初只参与在伊拉克的空袭，但上月开始参与空袭叙利亚境内的目标。

Islamic State Releases Video Apparently Showing Paris Attackers

The Islamic State group has released a video that apparently shows nine militants who took part in the terror attacks in Paris beheading and killing prisoners in Iraq and Syria.

It features shots from the November attacks, calling the men "lions" who brought France to its knees. All nine militants died during the attack or police raids shortly after.

The extremists, most from Belgium or France, killed 130 people with bombs and guns at multiple sites in Paris.

The video also features images of British Prime Minister David Cameron and a warning that non-believers "will be a target for our swords."

Britain is part of the U.S.-led coalition bombing Islamic State targets.

British forces initially only operated over Iraq, but last month began airstrikes in Syria as well.