川普周五公布副总统竞选搭档

共和党推定总统候选人川普正在缩小他的副总统候选人竞选搭档人选，计划星期五公布。

川普发推特说，他计划星期五上午11点在纽约宣布。

可能的人选包括星期二在竞选筹款活动中为川普站台的印第安纳州州长麦克∙彭斯，前国会众议院议长金里奇，以及新泽西州州长克里斯蒂。克里斯蒂本人最初也曾参加共和党的总统初选，今年早些时候退出选举后宣布支持川普。

一些媒体说，川普的“副手”应该是在彭斯或金里奇两人中产生。

共和党全国代表大会定于7月18日到21日在克利夫兰召开。

在民主党方面，推定总统候选人希拉里∙克林顿也在挑选副总统搭档，预计下星期宣布。

民主党全国代表大会定于7月25日到28日在费城举行。

Trump to Announce VP Pick on Friday

Presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump is narrowing his choice for vice president and plans to make the pick public on Friday.

Trump said on Twitter that he would make his announcement at 11 a.m. Friday in New York.

Among the likely choices are Indiana Governor Mike Pence, who appeared at a fundraising event with Trump on Tuesday, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich or New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Christie, once a Republican candidate rival of Trump, threw his support behind the billionaire businessman after dropping out of the race earlier this year.

Several news media say the race is between Pence and Gingrich. The Republican National Convention will be held next week (July 18-21) in Cleveland.

Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton also is interviewing potential vice presidential picks. She is expected to announce her choice next week.

The Democratic National Convention takes place July 25-28 in Philadelphia.

伊朗核协议签署一周年 各方继续执行但各存疑虑

一年前，来自伊朗和六大国的外交官员经过近两年的交涉，在奥地利首都维也纳一家豪华酒店签署了一项全面协议，限制伊朗核项目研发、同时解除对伊朗的严厉经济制裁。

如今，协议在主要问题上取得了显著成果，但是协议双方都怀有疑虑，担心对方不履行自己的义务。

伊朗总统鲁哈尼星期三表示，如果六大国不遵守协议中规定的职责的话，伊朗随时可能重新开启核研发项目。与此同时，美国一些国会议员希望禁止美国从伊朗购买核相关材料，指责奥巴马政府在谈判中过早做出了太多让步，担心伊朗会如何支配解冻的资产。

伊朗方面抱怨说，虽然禁止金融机构跟伊朗做交易的制裁已经取消，但是很多外国银行还是不太愿意跟伊朗打交道。

One Year After Iran Nuclear Deal, Sides Remain Compliant but Wary

One year ago, exhausted diplomats from Iran and a group of six world powers emerged from a meeting at a luxury hotel in Vienna, Austria with what they had been seeking for nearly two years: a comprehensive agreement limiting Iran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting harsh economic sanctions.

Today the pact is in effect with clear results on its major components, but there are lingering suspicions on both sides that the other may not live up to their responsibilities.

Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Wednesday that if the world powers fail to meet their responsibilities, then Iran stands ready to restore its nuclear program. Meanwhile, some members of the U.S. Congress want to ban the United States from purchasing nuclear-related material from Iran, accuse the Obama administration of giving up too much too soon in the negotiations, and are wary about how Iran is spending its newly unlocked money.

Iran has complained that despite the lifting of sanctions that once barred financial institutions from doing business with the country, foreign banks remain reluctant to be involved in transactions.