巴西最高法院驳回要求停止弹劾总统程序的申诉

巴西最高法院驳回了罗塞夫总统要求停止针对自己的弹劾程序的申诉。

巴西最高法院星期四举行紧急会议，经过长时间讨论后，于星期五清晨投票表决，为议会就弹劾总统提案举行表决扫清了道路。

最高法院做出裁决后，巴西议会下院将于星期日表决是否将罗塞夫送交弹劾审理。最近的调查结果显示，议会下院已接近达到批准弹劾提案所需的三分之二多数。

如果星期日议会下院通过弹劾提案的话，参议院将有权启动针对罗塞夫的弹劾审理。罗塞夫被指非法利用政府财政信息来增加自己当选连任总统的机会。

罗塞夫否认自己有任何不当行为，并说弹劾是毫无根据的。

Brazil's Supreme Court Rejects Impeachment Block

Brazil's Supreme Court has rejected an attempt by President Dilma Rousseff to block the impeachment process against her.

The high court vote early Friday, following a lengthy emergency session that began Thursday, clears the way for a crucial Congressional vote on Rousseff.

With the court ruling, lawmakers in the lower house of Congress are set to vote Sunday on whether to send Rousseff to an impeachment trial. Latest counts indicate the lawmakers are close to the two-thirds majority needed to approve the motion.

If the vote passes Sunday, the Senate will have the authority to open a trial against Rousseff, who is accused of illegal government accounting tricks to boost her re-election chances.

Rousseff denies wrongdoing and has dismissed the impeachment effort as baseless.

美防长将视察游弋南中国海的美国航母

美国国防部长卡特将视察部署在南中国海的航空母舰，强调美国致力于维护该地区的安全。南中国海领土争端导致中国与几个邻国关系紧张。

星期五在马尼拉举行的美国和菲律宾联合军事演习结束仪式上，卡特宣布了这一决定。

卡特说，南中国海地区的安全如同氧气，在氧气充足时，人们感觉不到它的存在，一旦氧气不足，人们就知道它的重要性无与伦比。

卡特说，美菲联合军演这类活动对维护该地区的安全意义重大。卡特说，美国和菲律宾今年3月首次在南中国海进行了联合巡航。国防部官员说，第2次联合巡航4月初完成。

中国星期五提出抗议。北京表示，美国在南中国海争端问题上采取了偏向中国对手的立场。中国对南中国海几乎全部海域提出主权声索，并在其他国家声称主权的海域采取咄咄逼人的填海造岛及巡航行动。

US Defense Secretary to Visit Carrier in South China Sea

U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter is visiting a U.S. warship in the South China Sea to emphasize the United States' commitment to security in that area, where territorial disputes have place China at odds with several of its neighbors.

Carter announced the visit Friday in Manila at the closing ceremonies of the U.S.-Philippines joint military exercises.

He said security in the region is like oxygen -- if there is enough of it, it goes unnoticed. But, he added, "When you don't have enough, you can think of nothing else."

Carter said activities like the joint military exercises the United States and Philippines just concluded are important to protecting security in the region. Carter said the first South China Sea joint patrol was carried out in March. Defense officials say a second joint patrol was completed in early April.

China protested Friday. Beijing said the United States is taking a "lopsided approach" favoring China's rivals for territory in the South China Sea. China claims almost the entire South China Sea, and has aggressively carried out island-building and patrols in waters that are claimed by other countries.