联合国一委员会谴责俄罗斯占领克里米亚

联合国的一个委员会星期二通过一项决议草案，谴责俄罗斯占领克里米亚，并且重申不会接受俄罗斯从乌克兰吞并克里米亚。

决议案在委员会以73票赞成，23票反对，76票弃权而获得通过。预计该决议案在联合国大会下个月的全体会议上也将获得通过。

决议案敦促俄罗斯作为占领一方要遵守其国际义务，采取一切必要措施立刻停止对克里米亚居民的虐待行为，立刻释放所有被非法拘捕的人，并保障人权观察组织和人员不受阻碍地开展工作。

俄罗斯外交部一位官员抨击这是一个出于政治目的、只反应一边立场的决议案。他指出，“决议案完全忽略了乌克兰当局的行动对这一地区居民造成的负面影响。”

2014年抗议者推翻了乌克兰的亲莫斯科总统后，俄罗斯吞并了克里米亚。乌克兰东部亲俄罗斯分离主义力量和政府军的战斗已经造成9千5百多人死亡。

UN Committee Condemns Russian Occupation of Crimea

A United Nations committee approved a draft resolution Tuesday condemning Russia's occupation of Crimea and reiterating that it does not accept Russian annexation from Ukraine.

The measure passed by a vote of 73-23 with 76 abstentions. It is expected to pass in the full U.N. General Assembly next month.

The text calls on Russia to uphold its international obligations as an occupying power, to take all steps necessary to immediately end abuses against residents in Crimea, to immediately release all those who were unlawfully detained, and ensure unimpeded access for human rights monitoring missions and workers.

A Russian Foreign Ministry official rejected the draft as one-sided and politically motivated.

"It completely ignores the negative impact that the actions of Ukrainian authorities have had on the residents of Crimea," he said.

Russia annexed Crimea in 2014 after protesters overthrew Kiev's pro-Moscow president. The conflict in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and government troops has claimed the lives of more than 9,500 people.

川普与彭斯商讨新政府重要官员任命

美国总统当选人川普和副总统当选人彭斯星期二在纽约会面，讨论新政府一些重要官员的任命。

明年1月20号上任的新政府需要填补4千多个政府职位空缺，不过急待任命的是驻外使节、国防部长、司法部长和国土安全部部长。这些职位对美国外交政策和打击恐怖主义至关重要。

川普的助手暗示，前纽约市长朱利亚尼可能会担任国务卿。72岁的朱利亚尼以前没有外交政策经验，他在大选期间一直坚决支持川普，经常在媒体上为川普争取支持。

不过川普的助手说，川普考虑的国务卿人选还包括布什政府时期的美国驻联合国大使约翰.博尔顿等人。博尔顿经常在媒体上露面，批评奥巴马政府的外交政策。

川普目前面临的一大矛盾是，他在大选时曾誓言要清理华盛顿政坛的“泥沼”，但是现在他又需要寻找富有政治经验的合格人选来担任重要的政府职位。

Trump, Pence Weigh Key Appointments to Their Administration

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence met Tuesday in New York to discuss key appointments in their new government.

The two have more than 4,000 jobs to fill in the U.S. government as they prepare to assume power January 20, but their immediate focus is on filling the top diplomatic post and that of defense secretary, attorney general and Homeland Security chief. All are positions that present the government's face to the world and help lead the country's fight against terrorism.

Trump aides are signaling that former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani could be named secretary of state. The 72-year-old Giuliani has no previous foreign policy experience. He was a loyal supporter of Trump during his campaign, often appearing on television news shows to promote the Trump candidacy.

But Trump aides also say the president-elect is considering other names, including that of John Bolton, a hawkish former diplomat who was the country's United Nations ambassador under President George W. Bush. Bolton has been a regular television critic of the foreign policies of President Barack Obama.

One conflict Trump is facing is between his vow during the campaign to "drain the swamp" in official Washington and now his need to find qualified officials with experience to handle the government's most challenging positions.