中国通过新法律监管境外NGO

中国无视西方国家的关注，通过了一项备受争议的新法律，对境外非政府组织（NGOs）实施新的管理规章。

周四通过的这项法律的细节没有公布，但根据过去公布的草案，监管对象包括境外慈善机构，商业社团和学术机构等团体，要求这些机构必须与监督其活动的中国政府控制下的机构“合作”。

中国警方有权取消被视为威胁国家安全的任何活动，并有权约谈境外非政府组织负责人。

警方还有权将其视为煽动“颠覆国家政权”或“分离主义”的境外非政府组织拒之国门之外。

此外，境外非政府组织未经中国国务院特批，也不得在中国国内招募工作人员。

China Passes New Law Governing Foreign NGOs

China has passed a new, controversial law imposing new rules on foreign non-governmental organizations - NGOs - despite concerns from the West.

The measure passed Thursday has not been revealed in detail, but earlier descriptions of the legislation said it would govern such groups as foreign charities, business associations and academic institutions. It would compel those organizations to "partner" with Chinese government-controlled agencies that would keep tabs on their activities.

Chinese police would be granted power to cancel any activities they deem a threat to national security and could summon the leaders of foreign NGOs to report for meetings with government officials.

Police would also be allowed to ban from the country any NGO they believe is promoting "subversion of state power" or "separatism."

Overseas NGOs would also be prevented from recruiting personnel within China without special permission from the State Council.

潘基文批评欧洲加紧限制难民

联合国秘书长潘基文周四在奥地利议会下院（国民议会）发表讲话时说，针对难民不断增加的限制将对欧洲履行国际法的承诺产生“负面影响”。

潘基文在讲话中没有直接点名奥地利。

潘基文对奥地利议员说，在国际和欧洲的法律中，他们有“道德和法律上的重要义务去帮助那些逃离战乱、践踏人权和施行迫害之地的人”。

潘基文发表讲话当天，奥地利议会上院（联邦议会）就一项与接收难民有关的法案进行投票。根据这项法案，奥地利当局如果认定必须确保“国内安全”时，可以停止接受边境地区的庇护请求。

如果法案通过，新法律规定只向去年11月15日以来申请庇护的难民提供“临时庇护”。如果奥地利三年后认定这些难民的祖国已经安全，这些人必须离开奥地利。

新法律还会使寻求庇护者的家属来奥地利与家人团聚变得更为困难。

Ban Ki-moon Criticizes Increasing European Restrictions on Refugees

U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Thursday told Austria's lower house of parliament that increasing restrictions on migrants will "negatively impact" Europe's commitments to international law.

Ban did not single out Austria in his speech to lawmakers in Vienna.

Ban told the legislators that, under international and European laws, they have a "moral and legal principal obligation to help those fleeing war, human rights abuses, and persecution."

His comments came on the same day legislators in Austria's upper house are scheduled to vote on a measure that would allow authorities to stop accepting asylum requests at the border if they decide it is necessary to protect "internal security."

If passed, Austria's new law would also mandate "temporary asylum" for migrants who have applied for asylum since November 15. They would be compelled to leave Austria after three years if Vienna rules that their home countries have become safe.

It would also become more difficult for relatives of asylum-seekers to join their family members in Austria.