英国穆斯林视伦敦市长竞选为胜利

伦敦市长选举的选票清点工作正在进行，现年45岁的前政府大臣、巴基斯坦移民之子萨迪克汗看来即将当选，成为伦敦第一位穆斯林市长。英国的穆斯林将这看作一个转折点。

无论萨迪克汗能否当选，英国的穆斯林都认为，他能成为竞选领跑者是自己在这个全球最伟大的帝国之一日益增长的政治影响力的表现。

萨迪克汗代表工党，他是一个公交车司机和一个裁缝的儿子。这次竞选共有12名候选人，萨迪克汗与另一位领先者，保守党的扎克·戈德史密斯竞争激烈，不相上下。戈德史密斯是犹太人，亿万富翁的儿子。

伦敦市长的职位16年前才刚刚设立，但影响力很大。即将离任的市长、深受民众欢迎的保守党人鲍里斯·约翰逊，被视为竞选首相的可能人选。

星期四投票前进行的民调显示，大多数伦敦选民认为住房和交通是主要问题。但分析人士指出，选民对移民和人口结构变化的担忧可能影响选情，还可能预示在6月23号就英国是否应该留在欧盟举行的全民公决的结果。

支持英国退出欧盟的人将移民和英国已对边界失去控制列为最核心的问题。

Britain’s Muslims See London Mayor Race as Victory

Vote counting is under way in London where Britain's capital could be getting its first Muslim mayor as Sadiq Khan, a 45-year-old former government minister and son of Pakistani immigrants, appears headed for victory in what British Muslims see as a turning point.

Whether Khan wins or loses, British Muslims see his reaching the status of front-runner in the race as a sign of their growing political clout in the former seat of one of the world’s great empires.

Khan, representing the Labor party, is the son of a bus driver and a seamstress. In a field of 12 candidates, he was in a tight and often bitter race against the other front-runner, Conservative Zac Goldsmith, who is Jewish and the son of a billionaire tycoon.

The Mayor of London position was created only 16 years ago, but is highly influential. The outgoing mayor, popular Conservative Boris Johnson, is seen as a likely contender for prime minister.

Most London voters polled ahead of Thursday’s elections cited housing and transport as the main issues. But analysts say underlying concerns about immigration and demographic change could play out in the poll, which may indicate the outcome of a June 23rd referendum on whether Britain should remain in the European Union.

Proponents of a British exit, or Brexit, cite immigration and the belief that Britain has lost control of its borders as top concerns.

希腊工人举行罢工 抗议政府实行紧缩措施

希腊工人星期五罢工，抗议政府考虑实行新的税收和退休金改革。工人们说，这些改革将使他们的收入大幅减少。希腊政府的紧缩措施是希腊与欧盟签订的救助协议的部分内容。

这次48小时罢工是希腊最大的私营和公营部门主要工会联合号召的，多项服务因此而中断，包括轮渡、垃圾收集和政府部门的运作。

希腊议会星期日晚上将就一项退休制度改革方案进行表决。如果法案得以通过，希腊将提高雇员对社会保险金的承担份额、提高高薪人员的所得税率并制定新的全国退休金制度。

希腊采取新的紧缩措施，是为了说服国际债权方向希腊发放更多的救助款项。

Greek Workers Embark on Strike Over Austerity Measures

Workers in Greece walked off their jobs Friday in protest of new tax and pension reforms being considered by the government that workers say will cut deeply into their incomes. The government's austerity measures are part of a multi-billion-dollar international bailout agreement.

The 48-hour protest came at the behest of the country’s largest public and private sector labor unions, and has shut down various services, including ferries to the island nation, garbage collection and government offices.

Greece’s parliament is set to vote on a bill to overhaul the country’s pension system Sunday night. If the law is passed, Greece will raise its social security contribution requirements, increase the income tax on high-wage earners and set up a new national pension.

The new austerity measures are aimed at persuading international creditors to release additional bailout money.