美韩将部署萨德反导弹系统

美国和韩国宣布，计划在朝鲜半岛部署终端高空区域防御系统萨德，以抵御朝鲜正在进行的核武器及弹道导弹研发项目。

美国驻韩部队参谋长托马斯·梵德尔将军和韩国国防部副部长柳济胜星期五在首尔的一次联合简报会上正式宣布了这一决定。

梵德尔将军说：“朝鲜违反对国际社会的承诺，继续研发弹道导弹和大规模杀伤性武器，我们需要联合起来，确保我们在这样的威胁面前保有捍卫自己的能力。”

今年二月朝鲜再次进行核实验并使用弹道导弹技术发射了一枚远程火箭后，华盛顿和首尔开始正式磋商，讨论部署萨德系统的可行性。

萨德系统的作用是在弹道导弹飞行的最后或终极阶段将其拦截并摧毁。到目前为止，这一系统已被证实对短程和中程弹道导弹有效。

US, South Korea to Deploy Controversial THAAD Missile Defense

The U.S. and South Korea have announced plans to deploy the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense - THAAD - on the Korean peninsula to counter North Korea’s ongoing nuclear and ballistic missile development programs.

General Thomas Vandal, the chief of staff for U.S. Forces in Korea, and South Korea’s Deputy Minister of Defense Ryu Je-seung made the formal announcement during a joint briefing in Seoul Friday.

“North Korea’s continued development of ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction, in opposition to its commitments to the international community, require our alliance to ensure that we retain the ability defend ourselves in the face of this threat,” said Gen. Vandal.

In February following North Korea’s last nuclear test and launch of a long-range rocket using ballistic missile technology, Washington and Seoul began formal consultations to discuss the feasibility of deploying THAAD.

THAAD is designed to intercept and destroy ballistic missiles during their final, or terminal, phase of flight. It has so far proven effective against short- and medium-range ballistic missiles.

强台风登陆台湾 两人丧生多人受伤

超强台风尼伯特星期五在台湾东海岸登陆，造成至少两人丧生，66人受伤。

台湾负责紧急状况的部门说，尼伯特台风星期五早上登陆前，一万五千多民众被疏散，500多架航班被取消。

尼伯特在台东县登陆后，风力减弱，降至中度台风。这次台风造成近40万户人家停电，受影响的主要是屏东县和台东县。

预计台风星期五晚些时候将在中国大陆登陆。

Massive Typhoon Hits Taiwan; Two Killed, Many Injured

At least two people are dead and 66 others injured after super typhoon Nepartak slammed into Taiwan’s eastern coast Friday.

More than 15,000 people had to be evacuated in preparation for the storm’s landfall Friday morning and more than 500 flights had to be canceled, according to emergency authorities.

After the storm made landfall in Taitung County, it weakened to a medium-strength typhoon. Nearly 400,000 homes lost power due to the storm, with most of them coming from Pingtung and Taitung counties.

The storm is expected to hit mainland China later Friday.