意大利要求彻底调查失踪学生在埃及身亡事件

一名意大利研究生失踪一个星期后，他的尸体在埃及首都开罗郊区被发现。

意大利外交部说，里格尼的尸体星期三在开罗郊区通往亚历山大市的公路旁被发现。他身上遍满了烧伤和其它伤痕，显示出他有可能受到酷刑折磨。

意大利外交部召见了埃及驻罗马大使，要求在调查里格尼的死因上，包括意大利专家参与调查方面，给予“最大限度的合作”。

28岁的里格尼是英国剑桥大学研究生，当时在埃及为其博士论文收集研究资料。有关当局表示，他1月25日失踪时正准备到开罗市中心去见个朋友。这一天是把长期独裁者穆巴拉克赶下台的阿拉伯之春五周年纪念日。

Italy Demands Complete Probe into Death of Missing Student in Egypt

The body of a missing Italian graduate student has been found on the outskirts of the Egyptian capital, Cairo, one week after his disappearance.

Italy's foreign ministry says Giulio Regeni's body was found Wednesday in a Cairo suburb along the road that leads to the city of Alexandria. He was covered with burns and other wounds, indicating that he may have been tortured.

The ministry summoned the Egyptian ambassador to Rome to demand "maximum cooperation" in the investigation of Regeni's death, including the involvement of Italian experts in the probe.

The 28-year-old Regeni was a graduate student at Britain's Cambridge University, and was in Egypt gathering research for his doctoral thesis. Authorities say he was going to meet a friend in downtown Cairo when he disappeared on January 25, the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring uprising that ousted longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak from power.

德国警方狂欢节前夕逮捕两名嫌疑人

就在科隆市开始庆祝年度狂欢节之际，德国警方逮捕了两名涉嫌与伊斯兰国组织有关联的阿尔及利亚人。

报道说，这两名嫌疑人星期四在首都柏林以及其它地区的搜查行动中被捕。

据警方介绍，他们涉嫌策划一起“危及国家安全”的袭击。当局还在搜捕与这一阴谋有关的另外两名男子。

与此同时，科隆市开始了大斋节到来之前的大型狂欢庆祝活动。科隆市新年庆祝活动期间发生一系列令人震惊的性攻击事件之后，警方为避免类似事件再度发生而处于戒备状态。

狂欢庆祝活动包括街头派对、载歌载舞以及身着奇装异服开怀畅饮等。狂欢节将一直持续到2月10日，也就是大斋节的第一日。

德国当局决心全力以赴应对。

警方出动了2000多名警察，是去年警力的一倍。此外还有350名军校学员支援。

German Authorities Arrest 2 Ahead of Carnival Celebrations

German police have arrested two Algerians they suspect of having links to Islamic State, as the city of Cologne kicks off its annual Carnival celebration.

Reports said the two suspects were arrested Thursday during searches in the capital, Berlin, and in other regions.

The men are suspected of planning an attack "threatening the security of the state," according to police. Authorities are searching for two other men in connection with the plot.

The arrests come as the city of Cologne begins a huge Carnival celebration that precedes the beginning of Lent. After a shocking string of sexual assaults that occurred in Cologne during New Year's celebrations, police are on alert to prevent a repeat of the incidents.

The carnival festivities include street parties, song and dance, and alcohol consumption by revellers in fancy dress. The carnival runs until Ash Wednesday on February 10.

German authorities are determined to be out in force.

Police have doubled the number of officers on hand compared with last year to more than 2,000, and are also bringing in 350 cadets.