多强国在巴黎开会 促重启中东和谈

美国、欧洲和阿拉伯国家外交官星期五在巴黎举行会谈，希望寻找足够的共同立场，以恢复陷于停滞状态的以巴和谈。

美国对这次法国提议的会谈态度不是很积极。美国国务卿克里同意出席，但表示只是为了听取法国和其他国家提出的建议。

以色列和巴勒斯坦之间的暴力近来有所升级，而以巴双方也不准备出席旨在结束以巴暴力的巴黎会谈，尽管如此，持极端民族主义立场的以色列国防部长利伯曼星期一宣誓就职，他曾表示支持两国解决方案，这使人们看到了一线希望。

美国国务卿克里出面斡旋的和谈2014年4月陷入僵局，但克里并未因此放弃达成持久协议，解决以巴冲突的希望。他坚持对两个民族两个国家，在和平与安全中共存的设想，尽管有人说这种设想是徒劳的努力，而且冲突双方也拒绝对话。

Major Powers Meeting in Paris Seek Common Ground to Revive Mideast Peace Talks

U.S., European and Arab diplomats meeting in Paris Friday are hoping to find enough common ground to revive stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.

Washington's response to the French effort has been tepid, with Secretary of State John Kerry agreeing to attend simply to listen to ideas proposed by France and others.

Despite the recent escalation in violence between Israelis and Palestinians, and the fact that representatives of these two parties are not even scheduled to attend the French-brokered resumption of talks aimed at ending the conflict, there is a glimmer of hope on the horizon with the swearing in Monday of ultranationalist Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman, who said he supports a two-state solution.

Kerry did not give up hope for a lasting agreement to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict after the peace talks process he brokered fell apart in April of 2014. He held tight to his vision of two states for two peoples, living side by side in peace and security, even as some called it a "fool's errand" and the two principal parties involved refused to speak to one another.

美军特技飞行表演两起坠机 一名驾驶员死亡

美国战机特技飞行表演团队发生两起坠机事故，造成一名飞行员死亡。

星期四下午，美国海军蓝天使飞行表演队一名飞行员驾驶一架F/A-18战机执行训练任务，在起飞时坠毁，飞行员死亡。这起事故发生在田纳西州的士麦那。坠机事故发生后，蓝天使的其他5架战机安全着陆。

有关官员说，由于这起致命事故，蓝天使飞行表演队将不参加本周末的田纳西飞行表演。

星期四早些时候，美国空军雷鸟飞行表演队的一架战机在飞越科罗拉多一所军校毕业典礼会场时坠毁。奥巴马总统在毕业典礼上讲话。

有关当局说，那架战机的飞行员安全弹出。事故发生后，奥巴马和这位飞行员见了面。

美国海军和空军对坠机事故展开调查。

2 Separate US Military Aerobatic Planes Crash, 1 Pilot Dies

A pilot has died in one of two separate crashes of the U.S. military's elite fighter jet performance teams.

One of the Navy's Blue Angels pilots died Thursday when his F/A-18 fighter jet crashed during takeoff at an afternoon practice session, just days before a scheduled performance at an air show. The accident happened in Smyrna, Tennessee, near Nashville. Five other Blue Angel's jets landed safely after the crash.

Because of the deadly incident, officials say the Blue Angels will not participate in The Great Tennessee Air Show this weekend.

Earlier in the day, one of the U.S. Air Force's Thunderbird team planes crashed after flying over a graduation ceremony where U.S. President Barack Obama was speaking in Colorado.

Authorities say the pilot was unharmed after ejecting safely from the plane. Obama later met briefly with the pilot.

The Navy and the Air Force are conducting investigations into the crashes.