俄罗斯依照外国代理人法起诉活动人士

人权观察组织星期一说，俄罗斯首次根据含混的所谓“外国代理人法”起诉人权活动人士。

俄罗斯当局星期一告知女性权益组织负责人瓦伦蒂娜·切雷瓦坦科，她受到刑事起诉。

俄罗斯当局说，该组织接受外国资助，因此切雷瓦坦科知道应将该组织作为“外国代理人”进行登记，但她没有依法办事。

2012年以来，俄罗斯当局利用“外国代理人法”将接受外国资助和参与政治活动的组织列入黑名单。这一含混的法律认为这些组织的行为带有背叛性，俄罗斯已有100多个组织因为这一法律被列入黑名单，其中不少是慈善机构，他们被迫减少活动，或停止运作。

这项法律授权检察机构取缔任何被视为威胁的外国及国际组织，此外，检察机构还有权对屡教不改为这些组织工作的俄罗斯公民进行罚款和监禁，刑期最高6年。

Russia Charges Activist Under "Foreign Agents" Law

Russia has for the first time charged a human rights activist for failing to comply with its vague "foreign agents" law, Human Rights Watch said Monday.

On Monday, Russian authorities informed Valentina Cherevatenko, chair of the coordination board of "Women of the Don Union", that they were bringing criminal charges against her.

Russian authorities said Cherevatenko was aware that she was required to register her organization as a "foreign agent" because it received foreign funding, but she neglected to do so.

Russian authorities have been using a “foreign agents” law from 2012 to blacklist groups receiving international funding and engaging in activities deemed political. The vague law implies such activities are disloyal and has been applied to more than 100 Russian organizations, many of them charities forced to scale back their activities or shut down.

The law gives prosecutors the power to shut down any foreign and international organizations in Russia deemed a threat, and to fine and imprison any Russian repeat offenders working with them for up to six years.

墨西哥女囚遭强奸和折磨

国际特赦组织说，绝大多数被监禁的墨西哥妇女在被逮捕后的几小时内都会面临性虐待。

国际特赦星期二发表报告，公布了采访100名墨西哥女囚的详细记录。其中72人表示，她们在被捕过程中和被捕后不久遭到性虐待，33人声称被强奸。

报告说，大多数墨西哥女囚犯都是初次犯罪，而且是低收入者，她们或许是当局加紧打击贩毒，大批抓人时被捕的。很多女囚说，她们遭受数小时折磨后，被迫在认罪书上签字。

大多数受访女囚都曾向法官或其他官员报告自己受到虐待，但墨西哥当局只对22个案例展开了调查。国际特赦说，迄今没有任何人被起诉，军方报告显示，2010年到2015年间，没有任何士兵因性虐行为被暂停服役。

Mexican Women Victims of Rape, Torture When Arrested

Amnesty International says that a vast majority of incarcerated Mexican women face sexual torture during arrest and in the hours following.

In a report released Tuesday, Amnesty detailed interviews and testimonies of 100 jailed Mexican women. Seventy-two of them said they were sexually abused during or soon after their arrest, and 33 reported being raped.

The report found that most of the women in Mexican prisons were first-time offenders, low-income, and perhaps victim of an upswing in arrests related to the war on drugs. Many of them reported being forced to sign confessions immediately following hours of torture.

The majority of the women surveyed reported the abuse to a judge or other authorities, but only 22 investigations were opened. Amnesty says no charges have yet been filed, and the army reports that no soldiers were suspended from service for sexual abuse between 2010 and 2015.