世界卫生组织宣布利比里亚的埃博拉疫情结束

世界卫生组织宣布利比里亚的埃博拉疫情结束，这就意味着西非埃博拉疫情的三个核心国家至此已全部宣告疫情结束。

世界卫生组织星期四做出了上述宣布。在此之前的42天里，利比里亚没有报告任何新病例。在做出这一里程碑式的宣告之际，世卫组织告诫说，预计还会有小范围的疫情出现，并呼吁继续保持密切监控，谨防疫情扩散。

世卫组织驻利比里亚代表加萨西拉表示，世卫组织将继续支持利比里亚预防、追踪、应对新的埃博拉病例。

这是利比里亚第三次宣布埃博拉疫情结束。第一次是在去年5月，但随后又两次出现新疫情。最近一轮疫情是去年11月出现的。

这是埃博拉疫情突发的三个国家，利比里亚、几内亚和塞拉利昂首次同时处于疫情结束状态。塞拉利昂和几内亚分别于去年11月7日和12月9日宣布疫情结束。

西非的埃博拉疫情共造成11000人死亡，28500多人感染。

WHO Declared Liberia Ebola-Free

The World Health Organization has announced an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in Liberia, meaning all three countries at the epicenter of the west African outbreak are now considered Ebola-free.

The WHO announcement came Thursday after 42 days without a new reported case in Liberia. When announcing the milestone, the WHO cautioned that more small outbreaks are expected and called for continued strong surveillance to keep the disease at bay.

The WHO representative in Liberia, Alex Gasasira, pledged that the organization will continue to support Liberia in its effort to prevent, detect, and respond to any new Ebola cases.

This is the third time Liberia has been declared Ebola-free. The first declaration came in May 2015, but the disease recurred twice since then, with the latest outbreak in November.

This is the first time all three nations that hosted the outbreak -- Liberia, Guinea, and Sierra Leone -- have all been Ebola-free at the same time. Sierra Leone was declared Ebola-free on November 7 and Guinea on December 29.

The Ebola epidemic in west Africa took 11,000 lives and infected more than 28,500 people.

15亿美元强力球乐透有三人中奖

美国西部的加利福尼亚州、东南部的田纳西州和佛罗里达州都有人中了强力球乐透大奖。本次强力球奖金金额为15亿美元，创历史最高纪录。

加利福尼亚州乐透发言人特拉弗索星期三晚间说，中奖彩票是在奇诺岗一家7-11连锁店售出的，奇诺岗位于洛杉矶郊区，属富裕地区。田纳西州和佛罗里达州获奖彩票的售出地点还不清楚。目前尚未公布有关中奖者的任何细节。

据估算，本次强力球的中奖几率为2亿9220万分之一。

如有超过一人中奖，则奖金由中奖者们均分。他们可以在扣除高额税金后一次领取，也可以分29年逐年领取，逐年交税。

美国50个州里大多数州都允许乐透博彩业的运作，六个禁止博彩业的州里的居民只好跨过州界，到临近允许博彩业的州去买彩票。

通过网上代理商，美国乐透彩票甚至远销中国，但不清楚中国公民一旦中奖，会通过何种方式把奖金转入中国的银行帐号。

星期三晚上，那家售出中奖彩票的7-11便利店俨然成了旅游景点，停车场里都挤满了看热闹的人和电视台新闻摄像组。这家商店因为售出大奖彩票，将获得100万美元奖金。

Three Powerball Winners Announced for $1.5 Billion Prize

The western U.S. state of California and the southeastern states of Tennessee and Florida all have winners in the record-breaking Powerball lottery with a jackpot of $1.5 billion.

A spokesman for the California lottery, Alex Traverso, said late Wednesday that a winning ticket had been purchased at a 7-11 convenience store in Chino Hills, an affluent suburb of Los Angeles. The locations of the winning ticket sales in Tennessee and Florida were not yet known. No names or other details about the winners have been released.

The odds of a winning ticket were estimated at one in 292.2 million.

Multiple Powerball winners must share equally in the prize money. They can take a lump sum, subject to hefty tax withholdings, or a yearly annuity for 29 years, which is taxed as it is doled out.

Most of the 50 U.S. states allow lotteries to operate; but in the six that do not, much business was generated along the borders with states that do allow the sale of lottery tickets.

Tickets were even being sold in China, thanks to brokers on the Internet. It was not clear how any Chinese winners would transfer their winnings to a Chinese bank.

The store selling the winning ticket became a tourist attraction Wednesday night, as onlookers and news crews crowded into the parking lot. The store will win a $1 million prize for selling a winning ticket.