美国接纳难民进展缓慢 争议还在继续

星期四，一位美国联邦法官驳回了德克萨斯州有关停止叙利亚难民在德州定居的要求。

在法官做出这一裁决的几天前，美国共和党推定总统候选人川普在奥兰多一家夜总会发生大规模枪击案后提出了不准外国穆斯林入境的主张。

奥兰多袭击事件发生前，美国民众在接纳中东难民的问题上就存在分歧，而且基本是以党派划线。

布鲁金斯学会5月底做的民调显示，只有38%的共和党人支持接纳叙利亚和其他中东国家难民，而77%的民主党人表示支持。在川普的支持者中，77%的人反对接纳难民。

联合国说，到2014年底，世界上共有1950万难民，比2013年增加了290万。

奥巴马总统决定，美国在去年10月1号开始的2016财政年度中要接纳1万名叙利亚难民。但是进度迟缓，到目前为止，美国只接纳了大约3500名叙利亚难民。

Refugees Slowly Settle in US as Debate Rages

A federal judge on Thursday rejected efforts by Texas to stop the resettlement of Syrian refugees within its borders.

The ruling comes days after presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called to block noncitizen Muslims from entering the U.S. following the Orlando nightclub massacre.

Even before the attack, Americans were divided, mostly along party lines, on the issue of refugees from war-torn countries in the Middle East.

A survey conducted in late May by the Brookings Institution found of those polled, just 38 percent of Republicans supported taking in refugees from Syria and the Middle East, compared with 77 percent of Democrats. But among Trump supporters, an overwhelming 77 percent said they oppose taking in refugees.

By the end of 2014, there were 19.5 million refugees worldwide, according to the United Nations. This was an increase of 2.9 million from 2013.

U.S. President Barack Obama has set a goal of resettling 10,000 Syrian refugees in the 2016 fiscal year, which began on October 1. But the administration is still far behind that schedule. Only about 3,500 Syrian refugees have been admitted so far.

俄罗斯空袭美国支持的叙利亚反政府武装

一名美国高层官员说，俄罗斯战机空袭了在叙利亚南部与伊斯兰国作战的反政府武装，其中包括受到美国支持的战斗人员。

这位要求不透露姓名的官员说，俄罗斯战机最近一段时间很少在该地区发动空袭，最新事态引起人们对俄罗斯意图的“严重关注”。空袭地点位于叙利亚跟伊拉克和约旦边界附近。

这位官员周四表示，美国将要求俄罗斯对这一举动做出解释，并保证不再发动空袭。

美国一直对俄罗斯进入叙利亚持批评态度，并屡次拒绝与俄罗斯军队在叙利亚境内协同行动，美国指责俄罗斯军队帮助叙利亚总统阿萨德巩固政权。

星期四的空袭很可能会让本已处于紧张状态的美俄关系受到考验。一天前，美国国务卿克里警告俄罗斯和叙利亚必须遵守今年早些时候签署的停火协议。

克里星期三会晤伊朗官员后说，俄罗斯必须知道，美国的耐心不是没有限度的。

Russia Bombs US-Backed Rebels in Syria

Russian aircraft have dropped bombs on rebels battling Islamic State in southern Syria, including those supported by the United States, a senior U.S. official said.

The official, who asked not to be identified, said Russian jets had not been active in the location along the Syrian border with Iraq and Jordan, for some time, which raised “serious concerns” about the intentions of the Russians.

“We will seek an explanation from Russia on why it took this action and assurances this will not happen again," the official said Thursday.

In the past, the U.S. has been critical of the Russian presence in Syria, and has repeatedly refused to work with Russian forces in the country, which the U.S. accused of working with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to consolidate his power.

The bombing Thursday is likely to test already strained relations between the U.S. and Russia, and came just a day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry warned Russia and Syria to respect a cease-fire treaty signed between the three nations earlier this year.

"Russia needs to understand that our patience is not infinite." Kerry said Wednesday following a meeting with Iranian officials.