川普淡化教宗对其移民政策的批评

美国南卡罗莱纳州星期六即将举行共和党总统初选，共和党总统参选人川普对罗马天主教宗方济各批评其移民政策的回应看来出现缓和。

罗马天主教教宗方济各访问墨西哥后批评川普，说他“不是基督教徒”，因为他提议在美墨边界建造巨大围墙，把试图进入美国的移民拒之门外。

川普星期四在南卡罗莱纳州召开的市民会议上表示，教宗方济各的评论有可能被媒体过分夸大了。他说：“我不喜欢和教宗争执。我不认为这是一场争执。我认为他讲话的语气比媒体最初报道的要缓和得多。我想他只听到了一面之词，而且很可能是墨西哥政府的说法。他没有看到由于非法移民和毒品的大量涌入，边界问题给我们带来的巨大压力。”

川普的一些反对者支持教宗，但是大多数人认为，这是教宗和川普之间的事。

Trump Downplays Pope’s Criticism of His Immigration Policy

Donald Trump appears to be backing away from his response to Pope Francis' criticism of Trump's immigration policy heading into Saturday's U.S. Republican presidential primary election in (the southeastern state of) South Carolina.

After visiting Mexico, Pope Francis criticized Trump, saying he "is not Christian" because of his proposal to build a massive wall on the southern U.S. border with Mexico to keep out migrants headed to the United States.

During a town hall discussion Thursday night in South Carolina, Trump suggested Pope Francis' comments may have been overblown.

"I don't like fighting with the pope, actually. I don't think this is a fight. I think he said something much softer than was originally reported by the media. I think that he heard one side of the story, which is probably by the Mexican government. He didn't see the tremendous strain that you know the border is causing us with respect to illegal immigration, with the drugs pouring across the border...."

Some of Trump's challengers expressed support for the pope.

But others mostly said the matter is between Pope Francis and Trump.

利比亚西部遭空袭 40人丧生

利比亚地方官员称，靠近突尼斯边界的利比亚西部地区星期五早上遭遇空袭，至少40人丧生。

空袭摧毁了的黎波里以西萨柏拉达镇的一栋建筑，据信伊斯兰国组织经常在那里出没。

纽约时报报道说，美军战机星期五早上袭击了伊斯兰国组织在萨柏拉达镇的一个营地，打死30多名被招募人员。

纽约时报援引一名西方官员的话说，袭击目标是“一名突尼斯高层特工”，此人与去年突尼斯发生的两起重大恐怖袭击事件有关。

五角大楼的一位发言人告诉美国之音说，他了解这一报道，目前正在调查，但表示他“暂时没有可以发布的信息。”

Airstrike in Western Libya Kills 40

An airstrike in western Libya near the country's border with Tunisia killed at least 40 people early Friday, according to local officials.

The strike destroyed a building in the town of Sabratha, west of Tripoli, in a region known to have an Islamic State presence.

The New York Times reported that U.S. warplanes struck an Islamic State camp in Sabratha early Friday, killing more than 30 recruits.

The paper quoted a Western official as saying the target was a "senior Tunisian operative" linked to two major terrorist attacks in Tunisia last year.

A Pentagon spokesperson told VOA he is aware of the report, and is checking into it, but said he has "no info to pass along at this time."