以色列土耳其邦交正常化

以色列和土耳其达成邦交正常化协议。

以色列总理内塔尼亚胡星期日在罗马会见美国国务卿克里后表示，他认为这是朝着邦交正常化迈出的重要一步。

2010年，以色块拦截一艘运载救援物资驶往加沙地带的土耳其货船，导致两国关系破裂。当时加沙地带由于在哈马斯控制下而遭到封锁。

一名以色列高层官员说，作为恢复正常邦交努力的一部分，以色列已为袭击土耳其货船道歉，并同意为死伤者赔偿2000万美元。按照协议，以土两国将彼此重开大使馆。

一名土耳其高层官员说，协议还规定土耳其可以向加沙地带运送人道救援和其他非军事物资，并参与当地的基础建设项目，包括建造居民楼和一家医院。

Turkey, Israel Normalize Ties

Israel and Turkey have reached a deal to normalize ties.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday after meeting in Rome with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, "I think it's an important step here to normalize relations."

Ties between the two countries broke down in 2010 over Israel's interception of a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza which was under a blockade because of the Hamas militant group's leadership there.

A senior Israeli official said that as part of the restoration of normalized ties, Israel has apologized for its lethal raid on the ship and agreed to pay $20 million to the bereaved and injured. Also under the deal, the two countries will restore their ambassadors.

A senior Turkish official said the agreement also provides for Turkey to deliver humanitarian aid and other non-military products to Gaza and engage in infrastructure projects, including the construction of residential buildings and the completion of a hospital.

克里访问布鲁塞尔和伦敦

美国国务卿克里星期一将访问布鲁塞尔和伦敦。自英国通过公投决定脱离欧盟以来，克里将是访问布鲁塞尔和伦敦的首位美国高级官员。英国脱欧引起华盛顿的高度关注。

美国官员说，克里将表达对英国的支持，并将强调其他欧盟成员国留在欧盟的重要性。

克里星期日说，美国对英国脱欧公投感到遗憾，但誓言将继续与欧盟保持密切关系。

克里访问布鲁塞尔之际，欧盟星期一将有一系列高层外交活动，包括欧盟强国德国、法国和意大利领导人讨论欧盟在英国脱欧后所应采取的举措。

结束对布鲁塞尔的访问后，克里将前往伦敦，会见英国外交大臣哈蒙德和其他官员。

英国财政大臣奥斯本星期一说，英国经济基础牢固，将在目前极具挑战性的时刻维持稳定。

Kerry Visits Brussels, London

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visits Brussels and London Monday, the first senior U.S. official to visit either location since the British vote last week to leave the European Union in a move that is of great concern in Washington.

U.S. officials say will express U.S. support for Britain and stress the importance of other EU members remaining in the bloc.

He said Sunday the U.S. regrets the "Brexit" vote, but vowed to continue a close relationship with EU.

His talks in Brussels come amid a flurry of top-level diplomatic activity Monday, including the leaders of European powers Germany, France and Italy getting together to discuss what's next now that Britain is pulling out.

Kerry is then heading to London to meet with British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond and other officials.

British Finance Minister George Osborne said Monday that "the fundamentals of the British economy are strong" and Britain will "provide stability in these challenging times."