印尼地震遇难者人数上升

印尼星期三早上发生强烈地震，死亡人数仍在上升。

当地官员说，印尼苏门答腊岛北端距离震中最近的毕迪贾雅区有至少97人遇难，几百人受伤。梅雷杜县是受灾最严重的地区之一。

地震造成房屋倒塌，包括清真寺、商店和住宅。救援人员在瓦砾中寻找生还者。

印尼救灾部门官员苏托波·努格鲁霍在声明中说：“地震震感强烈，在房屋倒塌的时候，许多人慌乱地逃到室外。”

美国地质勘探局说，这次6.5级地震震中在鲁特勒镇附近。印尼气候，气象和地球物理局说，地震没有引发海啸。

印尼所处位置多发地震。2004年苏门答腊岛地震引发海啸，造成印尼等国23万人丧生。

星期三的地震让很多人担心2004年的灾难会重演。

Indonesia Earthquake Death Toll Rises

The death toll continues to rise from a strong earthquake that struck Indonesia early Wednesday.

Local officials said at least 97 people were dead and hundreds more injured in Pidie Jaya, the district closest to the quake's epicenter, on the northern end of Indonesia's Sumatra island. The town of Meureudu was among the hardest hit areas.

The shaking brought down dozens of buildings, including mosques, stores and homes. Rescue crews were searching through rubble for people who may be trapped underneath.

"The earthquake was felt strongly and many people panicked and rushed outdoors as houses collapsed," Sutopo Nugroho of the country's national disaster management agency said in a statement.

The U.S. Geological Survey said the magnitude 6.5 quake was centered near the town of Reuleut. Indonesia's Climate, Meteorology and Geophysics Agency said the earthquake did not generate a tsunami.

Indonesia is located in an area of the world prone to earthquakes. A 2004 quake off Sumatra island triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 in Indonesia and other countries.

The threat of a repeat of that disaster was on the minds of some of those who felt Wednesday's earthquake.

川普宣布日本公司投资美国500亿 增就业5万

美国当选总统川普星期二宣布，日本电信业巨头软银集团计划在美国投资500亿美元，为美国创造五万个就业机会。

川普星期二与软银集团总执行长孙正义一起在纽约川普大厦的大厅宣布了这个消息，随后又把这个消息通过推特发布。

星期二稍晚，川普在北卡罗来纳州费耶特维尔的一个集会上正式宣布，提名退役海军陆战队将军詹姆斯·马蒂斯（绰号“疯狗”）出任国防部长。

马蒂斯担任过美军中央司令部司令，这个机构执行美国在中东地区的行动，马蒂斯还担任过北约盟军最高司令。

这位退役将军需要国会豁免才能被批准担任国防部长的职务。美国法律要求军人退役后7年才能出任防长职务。马蒂斯退役还不满4年。

Trump: Japanese Firm to Invest $50 Billion, Add 50,000 Jobs in US

Japanese telecommunications giant SoftBank Group plans to invest $50 billion in the U.S. economy and add 50,000 jobs, President-elect Donald Trump announced Tuesday.

Trump appeared in the lobby of the Trump Tower with Masayoshi Son, the chief executive of SoftBank, to announce the news, and later put it out on Twitter.

Later Tuesday at a rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina, Trump formally announced that he has chosen retired Marine General James "Mad Dog" Mattis for secretary of defense.

Mattis has served as the head of U.S. Central Command, which carries out U.S. operations in the Middle East, and the Supreme Allied Commander of NATO forces. He briefly addressed the crowd, thanking Trump for the nomination.

The retired general will need a congressional waiver in order to be confirmed as secretary of defense. Mattis would otherwise be ineligible to serve because of a law that requires a seven-year wait for former members of the military to serve in the post. He has been retired for less than four years.