西方国家支持利比亚新政府

一些国家的外交官星期一在维也纳讨论利比亚局势，重点是利比亚新政府及其面临的安全挑战。自利比亚领导人卡扎菲2011年被推翻并被处死后，利比亚局势一直处于混乱状态。

美国国务卿克里和意大利外长真蒂洛尼共同主持这次会议。西方国家希望利比亚民族团结政府能把国家团结起来。

得到国际社会承认的利比亚新政府面临来自对立派系的挑战。

此外，利比亚新政府还面临与伊斯兰国有关联的激进分子的挑战，他们在中部城市苏尔特建立了一个基地，并曾利用该基地对邻国突尼斯发动袭击。

维也纳会议召开前，克里刚刚结束了对沙特阿拉伯的访问，他寻求沙特的帮助，加强实施叙利亚政府军和反政府力量之间的停止敌对行动协议。

Western Countries Support New Libyan Government

Libya's new government and its security challenges are the focus for diplomats Monday as they gather in Vienna to discuss the situation in the country which has been grappling to overcome the chaos that followed the 2011 ouster and killing of leader Moammar Gadhafi.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni are co-hosting the session aimed at supporting the Government of National Accord that Western powers hope can unite Libya.

The internationally recognized government is facing challenges from rival factions.

The new government is also being challenged by Islamic State-affiliated militants who have established a base in the central city of Sirte and have used that base to launch attacks in neighboring Tunisia.

The talks in Vienna follow Kerry's visit to Saudi Arabia where he sought that government's support in strengthening a cessation of hostilities agreement between Syrian government forces and rebels.

西藏流亡政府总理当选连任 重燃西藏对话的希望

西藏流亡政府总理洛桑森格当选连任，让一些人对达赖喇嘛和中国中央政府恢复对话重新燃起希望。双方的对话于2010年中断。

洛桑森格当选连任后保证，将努力推动西藏人民的自治以及恢复与中国政府的对话。

达赖喇嘛的代表曾与中国政府进行过几轮会谈，但由于西藏发生抗议以及随之而来的镇压，会谈于2010年中断。

流亡英国藏人组织的领袖次仁巴桑说，是否恢复会谈的决定权掌握在北京手中。

在西藏流亡政府总理选举中，40个国家的约9万名流亡藏人登记投票，实际投票人数将近6万，洛桑森格获得58%的选票。

中国外交部发言人洪磊说，这一选举是一个不被任何国家承认的非法组织所上演的闹剧。

Re-election of Exiled PM Spurs Hope for Renewed Tibet Talks

The re-election of Lobsang Sangay as prime minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile has renewed hopes among some that dialogue between the Dalai Lama and China’s central government, which stopped in 2010, will begin again.

On the day of his election, Sangay vowed to push for autonomy for the Tibetan people and restart talks with the Chinese government.

Representatives of the Dalai Lama held several rounds of talks with China until they were stalled in 2010 by protests and a subsequent crackdown in Tibet.

Tsering Passang, Chair of the Tibetan Community in Britain, said whether or not talks restart is in Beijing’s hands.

Sangay received 58 percent of nearly 60,000 votes cast. About 90,000 exiled Tibetans are registered to vote in 40 countries.

Spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry Hong Lei said the voting was nothing but a "farce" staged by an "illegal" organization that is not recognized by any country in the world.