伦敦警方表示 砍杀事件与恐怖主义无关

伦敦警方星期四说，他们没有找到袭击者受到激进主义影响的证据，这位杀死1名女性并导致5人受伤的索马里男子应与恐怖主义无关，袭击可能是精神疾病引起的。

警方在伦敦大学附近的罗素广场用电击枪控制了一名19岁男子，随后将他逮捕。这个尚未公布身份的男子目前被警方拘留在附近医院里。

警察确认，被刺杀的女性60岁，是美国公民，她在案发现场经医护人员抢救后不久就宣告死亡。3名受伤者星期四早上已出院，另外两名伤者的情况还不清楚。

伦敦警察厅负责特别行动的助理总监马克·劳利说，警方认为，在这个案子中，嫌疑人的精神状况是一个“重要因素”，但同时提醒人们，这只是几条调查线索之一。

当地时间晚上10:30左右警方收到一通电话，报告正在发生的袭击事件。过了大约10分钟，警察赶到现场将袭击者制伏。

劳利说，作为预防性措施，伦敦街头星期四早上将增派武装警察，以便让伦敦人感到“放心和安全”。持刀杀人事件发生的同一天，伦敦官员宣布，为预防恐怖袭击，伦敦市将增派武装警察巡逻。

London Police Say No Signs of Radicalization in Knife Attacker

London police said Thursday that they found no evidence of radicalization to suggest terrorism after a Somali man stabbed a woman to death and wounded five other people in central London. Instead, they say the attack was likely triggered by mental health issues.

Police arrested the 19-year-old man in Russell Square, near the University of London, after incapacitating him with a Taser. The man – who has yet to be publicly named – is in police custody at a nearby hospital.

Police identified the 60-year-old woman who was stabbed to death as an American citizen. She was treated at the scene by paramedics, but pronounced dead shortly after. Three victims were released from the hospital early Thursday morning. The condition of two others was unknown.

Mark Rowley, the Metropolitan Police Service's Assistant Commissioner for Specialist Operations, said police believe the mental health of the suspect to be a “significant factor” in the case, but cautioned that it is just one of several lines of inquiry.

Police received a call about the attack in progress around 10:30 p.m. local time, and within about 10 minutes had arrived on the scene and subdued the attacker.

Rowley said that, as a precautionary measure, there would be an increased presence of armed police on the streets of London Thursday morning to provide Londoners “reassurance and safety.” The knife attack came the same day London officials announced an increase in armed police patrolling the city in an effort to prevent terror attacks.

美最高法院叫停跨性别学生选择厕所使用权

美国最高法院裁决，暂缓执行要求维吉尼亚州一个校区为跨性别学生使用男生厕所提供方便的史无前例的法院裁决。这个裁决是应一名跨性别高中生的要求作出的。

根据最高法院的这个决定，维州格劳切斯特郡学校董事会有权禁止跨性别高中生加文·格里姆使用男生厕所，等待最高法院大法官们决定是否有必要对上诉法院的裁决进行审查。

大法官们的表决结果是5比3。民主党任命的大法官布雷耶和四位由共和党任命的大法官持相同立场。反对叫停决定的三名民主党任命的大法官是金斯伯格、索托马约尔和卡根。

去年，美国公民自由联盟代表17岁的格里姆提出诉讼，挑战学校董事会的厕所使用规定。根据现有规定，跨性别学生只能使用区别于男女厕所以外的替代厕所。

格里姆出生时是女性，但自我认定是男性。她做过荷尔蒙理疗，并且把自己的法定名字改为男孩的名字。

US Supreme Court Blocks Bathroom Choice for Transgender Teen

The U.S. Supreme Court has put on hold a groundbreaking court ruling that required a Virginia school district to accommodate a transgender high school student’s request to use the boys’ bathroom.

The high court agreed Wednesday to allow the Gloucester County School Board to bar Gavin Grimm from using the bathroom that matches his gender identity, until the justices decide whether to review an appeals court ruling in his case.

The justices split, 5-3, on the issue, with Democratic-appointed Justice Stephen Breyer agreeing with the four Republican appointees. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan opposed the stay.

Last year, the American Civil Liberties Union sued on behalf of the 17-year-old Grimm to challenge the school board's bathroom policy, which requires transgender students to use alternative restroom facilities.

Grimm, who was born female but identifies as male, has undergone hormone therapy and has legally changed his name.