被劫持埃及客机降落塞浦路斯

星期二被劫持的埃及航空公司的客机降落在塞浦路斯机场，劫机者声称他身上系了装有炸药的腰带。这架班机上有55名乘客。

埃及民航部长谢里夫·法特希说，经过谈判，机上除7人外，其余人都被允许离开飞机。这架客机原计划从亚历山大飞往开罗。留在飞机上的7人中有四名机组人员和三名乘客。

法特希不肯透露劫机者的身份，他说，劫机者没有提出任何具体的要求。

塞浦路斯总统尼克斯·阿纳斯塔西亚迪斯说，这次劫机行动与恐怖主义没有关联。

Hijacked EgyptAir Plane Lands in Cyprus

A hijacker who claimed to be wearing an explosive belt forced an Egyptian passenger jet to land in Cyprus on Tuesday with 55 passengers on board.

Egypt's civil aviation minister Sherif Fathy said after negotiations all but seven people were allowed to leave the plane, which was originally due to fly from Alexandria to Cairo. Those who remained included four crew members and three passengers.

Fathy declined to identify the hijacker and said he had not made any concrete demands.

Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades said the hijacking was not related to terrorism.

朝鲜再次发射短程导弹

韩国表示，朝鲜在其东部海域发射了一枚短程导弹。此次导弹发射是朝鲜对受到的新一轮国际制裁和正在进行的美韩联合军事演习做出的最新回应。

韩国联合参谋本部表示，朝鲜是周二下午在其港口城市元山附近发射这枚导弹的。导弹飞行了约200公里之后击中陆地上一处目标。

平壤上周一（3月21日）在东部城市咸兴市发射了五枚短程导弹。一周前，朝鲜无视联合国针对朝鲜今年一月第四次核试验所做出的制裁，向其海域发射了多枚中程导弹，朝鲜二月份又进行了远程火箭的测试。

朝鲜最近几周一直在威胁要对华盛顿和首尔进行先发制人的核打击，以抗议韩美军事演习。朝鲜将韩美军演视为两国军事入侵朝鲜的预演。

North Korea Fires Another Short-Range Missile

South Korea says North Korea has fired a short-range missile into the sea off its east coast, in the latest response by the isolated regime to newly imposed international sanctions and ongoing joint U.S.-South Korean military drills.

South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said the missile was fired late Tuesday near the North Korean port city of Wonan and flew about 200 kilometers before hitting a target on land.

Pyongyang fired five short-range missiles last Monday (March 21) into the East Sea from the eastern city of Hamhung. The week before it fired medium range missiles into the sea in defiance of United Nations sanctions imposed over the North's fourth nuclear test in January, followed a month later by a test of a long-range rocket.

North Korea has been threatening for weeks to initiate preemptive nuclear strikes against Washington and Seoul to protest South Korea - U.S. military drills. The North sees the drills as a rehearsal for a military invasion.