哥伦比亚总统延长与反政府武装的停火

哥伦比亚总统桑托斯星期四说，他同意延长与哥伦比亚革命武装力量的停火协议，希望挽回遭遇挫败的和平协议。

双方最初的停火协议将在10月到期，现在要延长到年底。

哥伦比亚选民50.2%的反对票，即仅五万四千张选票的微弱优势推翻了和平协议。这个结果令哥伦比亚领导人感到意外，因为投票前的民调显示，公投将以二比一的优势通过。

桑托斯总统正设法与哥伦比亚革命武装力量代表和反对派政界领袖商谈新的和平协议，但人们对新协议的期待不高，因为哥伦比亚革命武装力量不愿意在原来的协议基础上让步，而反对派则表示，哥伦比亚革命武装力量需要接受更为苛刻的条件。

在全民公决中投反对票的民众对协议感到不满，因为几乎所有哥伦比亚革命武装力量成员都不用为据信在反叛行动中犯下的罪行承担牢狱之苦，而且还能得到政府的各种经济资助。

Colombian President Extends Cease-Fire with Rebels

Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said Thursday he agreed to extend a cease-fire deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) in hopes of reviving a failed peace accord.

The original cease-fire agreement between the Colombian government and the FARC was due to expire at the end of October, but will now extend through the end of the year.

Voters narrowly rejected the deal with 50.2 against, or by a margin of just 54,000 votes. The result came as a shock to Colombian leaders as public opinion polls leading up to the vote forecast the referendum would pass by a two-to-one margin.

Santos is engaged in ongoing negotiations with FARC representatives and opposition politicians to strike a new peace deal, though expectations for a deal remain low because FARC leaders refuse to budge on the already-signed peace accord and opponents say the rebels need to accept tougher terms.

Many "no" voters were genuinely offended that nearly all FARC rebels will avoid prison time for crimes allegedly committed during the uprising and get various financial support from the government.

叙利亚停火前景渺茫 避免冲突扩大化成为关注焦点

来自美国、俄罗斯和中东的高层外交官本周末将努力挽救遭受挫败的叙利亚停火协议。

一个多星期前，美国暂停与俄罗斯的双边谈判，双方你来我往，相互指责。俄罗斯官员说，他们希望这次努力能达到正面效果。

然而，随着被困城市阿勒颇战斗的继续，分析人士对能否达成持久停火表示怀疑。

很多人认为俄罗斯希望首先帮助阿萨德夺取阿勒颇，来增强他们的谈判实力。

分析人士说，能达成停火固然是好事，但目前的关注焦点是要避免叙利亚冲动的扩大化。

一位白宫发言人排除了美国与俄罗斯在叙利亚问题上军事合作的可能性。美国官员说，目前很清楚，美国与俄罗斯在叙利亚的目标并不一致，很多分析人士也持同样观点。

俄罗斯增加了在叙利亚的军力，并宣布，计划无限期在叙利亚部署基地。

Syria Cease-fire Unlikely as Concerns Focus on Preventing Wider Conflict

Top diplomats from the United States, Russia, and the Middle East will attempt to salvage a failed Syria cease-fire agreement this weekend.

The renewed efforts come less than two weeks after the United States suspended bilateral negotiations with Russia and the two sides exchanged mutual recriminations. Russian officials say they are hopeful for positive results.

But as fighting continues in the besieged city of Aleppo, analysts are skeptical of any lasting cease-fire.

Many believe Russia wants to first help Assad take Aleppo so they can have a stronger negotiating position.

While a cease-fire would be welcomed, analysts say the bigger concern is preventing a wider conflict developing in Syria.

A White House spokesman ruled out the possibility of any U.S. military cooperation with Russia in Syria. U.S. officials say it is now clear their goals in Syria are no longer compatible with Russia’s, a view echoed by some analysts.

Russia has increased its military presence in Syria and announced plans to maintain bases there indefinitely.