欧洲理事会主席赴雅典讨论移民问题

欧洲理事会主席图斯克星期四和星期五访问希腊和土耳其，讨论欧洲面临的移民危机。

图斯克要争取在欧盟与土耳其商讨移民问题之前缓解欧盟成员国间的紧张关系。欧盟与土耳其定于下星期一在布鲁塞尔举行会议。

图斯克预计星期四在雅典与希腊官员会谈，星期五在伊斯坦布尔会见土耳其总统埃尔多安。

目前土耳其、希腊以及其他巴尔干半岛国家正在应对从中东和北非涌入的大量移民，他们希望取道这些国家前往德国和其他富有国家。在移民危机出现之前，希腊已经处于财政困境，因此要求欧盟提供5亿多美元来帮助希腊支付处理难民问题的开支。

土耳其外交部发言人说，土耳其已经提议与14个国家签署重新准入协议，以使安卡拉尽快重新接收被欧盟成员国拒绝接纳的移民。

EC President Heads to Athens for Migrant Talks

European Council President Donald Tusk visits Greece and Turkey Thursday and Friday to discuss the migrant crisis at its front lines.

Tusk is aiming to ease tensions among European Union members before a meeting with Turkey on the migration issue. The meeting is scheduled for Monday in Brussels.

Tusk is expected to hold talks with Greek officials in Athens Thursday, followed on Friday by a meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Istanbul.

Turkey, Greece, and other Balkan nations are dealing with an overload of migrants from the Middle East and northern Africa who want to pass through on their way west, to Germany and other wealthier nations. Greece, which was already in a tight financial situation before the migrant crisis began, has asked for more than $500 million from the European Union to help it handle expenses.

Turkey has offered to sign readmission agreements with 14 countries, which would enable Ankara to quickly take back migrants rejected by the EU, a foreign ministry spokesman said.

共和党参选人将在底特律辩论 川普面临新阻力

星期四，美国共和党剩下的4位总统参选人在密西根州举行一场辩论会。居于领先地位的川普刚赢得了一批州的初选，势头强劲，但也面临新的阻力。

60名共和党外交政策资深人士星期三晚间发表了一封反对川普竞选的联署公开信，表示川普的行为方式将“使美国变得更不安全，而且将削弱美国在世界上的地位”。信中列举了一系列反对川普竞选的理由，包括川普发表反穆斯林言论、支持使用酷刑、主张进行贸易战以及认为墨西哥应在美墨边界修筑一道高墙。

信件的签署者包括前美国国土安全部部长切尔托夫、曾担任美国国务院副国务卿的前世界银行总裁佐利克以及前五角大楼高层官员扎克海姆。

与此同时，3个美国民间组织也计划花费巨额资金，制作抨击川普的广告。

Republicans to Debate in Detroit as Trump Faces Added Opposition

The four remaining Republicans in the presidential race hold a debate Thursday in Michigan with frontrunner Donald Trump carrying momentum from another batch of state wins but facing new efforts to halt his campaign.

A group of 60 Republican foreign policy veterans signed a joint letter released late Wednesday opposing Trump, saying he would "act in ways that make America less safe, and which would diminish our standing in the world." It lists a number of objections, including anti-Muslim rhetoric, a support for the use of torture, advocating trade wars and insisting Mexico will build a border wall.

The list of signatories includes former U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, former World Bank President and Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick and former top Pentagon official Dov Zakheim.

Meanwhile, three outside are planning to spend millions of dollars in new ads attacking Trump.