情报官员：伊斯兰国在索马里扩充势力

索马里一名高层情报官员告诉美国之音索马里语言组说，亲伊斯兰国的索马里激进分子人数增多，而且得到来自也门的资金和军事支持。

前邦特兰情报局局长侯赛因说，这个亲伊斯兰国的索马里分支去年10月成立，当时只有大约20到30名成员，随后建立了训练营地，并招募战斗人员。侯赛因说，目前该组织已有100至150名战斗人员。

侯赛因表示，伊斯兰国对索马里分支表示欢迎，并开始通过在也门的关系为其提供物资。

侯赛因说，索马里政府和非盟军队不能在军事上战胜青年党或伊斯兰国分支武装，并敦促他们从意识形态上与这些激进组织进行抗衡。

Islamic State Growing in Somalia: Intelligence Official

Pro-Islamic State Somali militants have grown in numbers and are receiving financial and military support from Yemen, a Somali top intelligence official told the VOA Somali Service.

Abdi Hassan Hussein, the former Director of the Puntland Intelligence Agency (PIA) said when the pro-IS Somali faction was founded in October last year it had about 20-30 men, but has since set up training camps and recruited more fighters. He said the group’s fighters now number between 100-150 fighters.

He said Islamic State has welcomed its Somalia branch and has started delivering supplies through their affiliate faction in Yemen.

Hussein said the government and African Union troops can’t win against al-Shabab or IS factions militarily, and urged them to confront the groups ideologically.

两位布什前总统拒绝支持川普

共和党总统参选人川普希望促成共和党团结，但他不会得到最近两位共和党总统的支持。

奥巴马2008年当选总统前担任两届总统的乔治·W·布什的助手说，乔治·W·布什“不打算涉足或对今年的竞选发表评论。”

乔治·W·布什的父亲乔治·H.W·布什的发言人说，前总统老布什已经“退出政坛”。他竞选连任败给克林顿后1993年卸任。

老布什1996年支持过克林顿的共和党对手多尔，后来又支持他儿子乔治·W·布什两次竞选，都获得成功，一次是在2000年击败戈尔，另一次是在2004年击败克里。

2008年，乔治·H.W·布什和乔治·W·布什都支持麦凯恩参议员竞选总统，但是麦凯恩输给了奥巴马。2012年，奥巴马竞选第二届任期时，他们两人也曾支持过罗姆尼。

Former Presidents Bush Will Not Endorse Trump

Presidential candidate Donald Trump wants to bring unity to the Republican Party, but he will not be getting endorsements from the last two men the party sent to the White House.

George W. Bush, who served two terms before President Barack Obama was elected in 2008, "does not plan to participate in or comment on" this year's race, according to his aide.

A spokesman for Bush's father, George H.W. Bush, said the elder former president is "retired from politics." He left office in 1993 after losing his re-election bid to Bill Clinton.

The elder Bush endorsed Clinton's 1996 Republican opponent Bob Dole, and naturally supported his son's successful campaigns in 2000 against Al Gore and in 2004 against John Kerry.

In 2008, both George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush supported John McCain when he lost to President Barack Obama. They also backed Mitt Romney in 2012 as Obama won a second term.