昂山素季为未能成为下届总统而道歉

缅甸反对党领袖昂山素季向支持者发表公开信，为自己未能成为下届总统而表示歉意。

昂山素季星期四在社交媒体上发表公开信后不久，缅甸议会就将启动遴选下届总统的程序。昂山素季为“未能满足人民的心愿”而道歉。

昂山素季表示，她将继续努力，并呼吁民众继续支持“以和平方式实现目标”。

在去年11月举行的大选中，昂山素季的全国民主联盟获得议会多数地位。但缅甸军方制订的宪法规定，昂山素季因其儿子是外国公民而不得担任总统。

缅甸议会将选出三位副总统，分别来自上院、下院和军方，然后由议会进行全体表决，其中一人将成为下届总统。

新政府将于4月1日就任。

Aung San Suu Kyi ‘Apologizes’ for Not Becoming President

Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has released a letter to her supporters apologizing for not becoming the country’s next president.

In the letter posted to social media Thursday shortly before Myanmar’s parliament began the process of selecting the new chief executive, the Nobel Laureate apologized for “not fully fulfilling the people’s desire.”

She added that she would persevere and asked for people’s continued support “to reach the goal peacefully.”

Her National League for Democracy party (NLD), won an overwhelming number of seats in parliament during November’s general election. But a clause in the military written constitution prevents her from assuming the nation’s top job because her sons have foreign citizenship.

The parliament in Naypyidaw will begin the presidential selection process by first choosing three vice-presidents, one from the lower house, one from the upper house and one from the military. After a vetting period, the entire parliament will select one of the three to become the nation’s next president.

The new government will take office on April 1.

委内瑞拉召回驻美最高外交使节

委内瑞拉总统召回驻美最高外交官，以抗议美国的一项政令。该政令对几名委内瑞拉高层官员实施制裁，并将委内瑞拉称为“安全威胁”。

委内瑞拉总统马杜罗在星期三一次谴责这项政令的活动中宣布了这一决定。美国最初于去年下达有关政令，并于上周予以延期。

马杜罗指责美国态度傲慢，奉行双重原则。

自2010年以来，美国和委内瑞拉一直没有大使级外交关系。委内瑞拉去年任命代办阿维莱斯为驻美大使，但美国国务院没有批准。

由于委内瑞拉指责美国干涉拉丁美洲事务，美国和委内瑞拉之间的关系一直处于紧张状态。

Venezuela Recalls Top Diplomat From U.S.

Venezuela's president has recalled the country's top diplomat from the United States to protest a U.S. decree imposing sanctions on several top officials and calling Venezuela a security threat.

President Nicolas Maduro made the announcement Wednesday at a ceremony organized to condemn the decree, which was made initially last year and renewed last week.

Maduro complained that the United States displayed condescension and double standards.

The U.S. and Venezuela have not had ambassador-level diplomatic relations since 2010. Venezuela approved charge d'affaires Maximilien Arvelaiz as ambassador to Washington last year, but the U.S. Department of State has not approved him.

Relations between the U.S. and Venezuela have been tense for some time over Caracas' accusations that the United States meddles in Latin American affairs.