奥地利极右翼候选人在总统选举中领先

反移民的奥地利极右翼自由党候选人在首轮总统选举中胜出，获得超过35%的选票，远远超过5个竞争对手，包括执政联盟的候选人。

霍费尔把反移民和反欧洲做为竞选纲领，赢得了36.4%的选票，将与独立候选人，前绿党成员范德贝伦参加下个月的决选。

这是奥地利自由党迄今在全国选举中的最佳表现。该党的竞选重点是移民危机以及去年夏天以来抵达奥地利的10万寻求避难者所带来的影响。

执政联盟的两名候选人，中间偏左的社会民主党候选人洪茨托弗和中间派人民党候选人科尔，分别获得约11%的选票。

Austria's Far Right Leads in Presidential Vote

Austria's anti-immigration far-right Freedom Party won the first round of the presidential election, gathering more than 35 percent of the vote and leaving five rivals far behind, including nominees of the ruling governing coalition.

Norbert Hofer, who ran on an anti-immigrant and anti-Europe platform, won 36.4 percent of the vote and will face off against an independent, former member of the Green Party Alexander van der Bellen, in next month's run-off election.

It was the best result the Freedom Party has seen in a national election, its campaign focused primarily on the impact of the migrant crisis and the 100,000 asylum seekers that have arrived in Austria since last summer.

Both candidates from the ruling coalition, center-left Social Democrat Rudolph Hundstorfer and centrist People's Party nominee Andreas Khol, each received about 11 percent of the vote.

联合国安理会谴责朝鲜导弹试射

联合国安理会谴责朝鲜星期六进行的潜射弹道导弹试验，称此次试射是对现有联合国决议的又一次严重违反。

联合国安理会在星期天发表的一份声明中说，这些导弹试射行动是“朝鲜民主主义人民共和国为了开发其核武器运送系统”，加剧了全球局势紧张。

这份声明还警告说，联合国安理会将对朝鲜采取进一步重大举措。几周前，安理会刚刚对朝鲜实施了新的严厉制裁，对平壤施压，使其遵守现有联合国决议。

朝鲜官媒朝中社宣称，最新一次导弹试射得到了朝鲜领导人金正恩的亲自指导，证明了其水下发射系统的可靠性。不过，韩国方面称朝鲜此次导弹发射失败，说导弹落入海中之前，只在空中飞行了30公里，远远低于这类导弹的300公里的最低射程。首尔当局的另一消息来源表示，此次试射导弹的发动机在发射后不久就出现了故障。

美国总统奥巴马早些时候表示，朝鲜明显是在积极从事挑衅行为。奥巴马在对德国访问期间，还拒绝了朝鲜有关如果美国中止与韩国的年度军演，朝鲜也将暂停核试验的提议。

UN Security Council Condemns North Korean Missile test

The United Nations Security Council has condemned North Korea for its submarine launched ballistic missile test Saturday, calling it "another serious violation" of existing U.N. resolutions.

In a statement issued Sunday, the Council said these missile activities "contribute to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's development of nuclear weapons delivery systems," while increasing global tensions.

The statement also warned that the Security Council will "take further significant measures" against the North, just weeks after imposing tough new sanctions to pressure Pyongyang to comply with existing U.N. mandates.

Pyongyang's state-run KCNA news agency said the latest test, which was personally monitored by leader Kim Jong Un, proved the reliability of its submerged launching system. However, South Korea called the test a failure, noting that the missile traveled only 30 kilometers before falling into the sea. The flight was well short of the minimum 300 kilometer range for the type of missile tested, and one Seoul government source said the missile’s engine malfunctioned shortly after it was launched.

Earlier, U.S. President Barack Obama said it is "clear that North Korea is actively engaged in provocative behavior." During a visit to Germany, Obama also dismissed a North Korean offer to impose a moratorium on nuclear tests if the U.S. suspends annual military drills with South Korea.