沙特为首联军空袭击中无国界医生在也门的医院，致多人死亡

以沙特阿拉伯为首的联军星期一对也门北部哈贾省发动空袭，炮弹击中一家医院，造成10多人死亡，大约20人受伤。

这家医院由志愿者医疗援助团体无国界医生管理。星期一晚些时候，该组织负责人阿拉姆说，有15人死亡，其中包括几名外籍医生。阿拉姆还告诉《纽约时报》，另外3名医护人员也在伤员当中。此外，还有另外3名工作人员被截肢。

联军空袭的两天前，沙特在其边界附近的海登居民区进行了一次类似袭击，造成至少19人丧生，其中大多数是学生。在这次袭击中，有10名年龄在8到15岁之间的孩子丧生，这一袭击立刻受到联合国秘书长潘基文的谴责。

无国界医生星期一发布声明，对“全面运作中住满病患的医院”遭到袭击所造成的“悲剧性后果”提出谴责。声明说，星期一的轰炸是过去12个月中医生无国界受到的第四次类似袭击。

沙特联军发言人说，轰炸目标是伊朗支持的什叶派胡塞抵抗运动的一处训练设施，该抵抗运动在同也门总统哈迪政府作战。

人权组织对政府和抵抗力量双方在这场冲突中的滥杀行为，尤其是未能保护平民提出批评。联合国领导的和平努力没能制止也门内战。

Saudi Coalition Airstrike Hits MSF Hospital in Northern Yemen, Multiple Deaths

A Saudi-led coalition airstrike hit a hospital in Yemen's northern Hajja province Monday, killing more than a dozen people and wounding about 20 others.

The hospital is run by the volunteer medical aid group Doctors Without Borders, known by its French acronym MSF. By late in the day its director reported 15 deaths, including those of three foreign physicians. Ibrahim Aram also told the New York Times that three other medical personnel were among the wounded and that three other staffers had limbs amputated.

The coalition airstrike came just two days after similar Saudi strikes hit a residential area near the Saudi border killing at least 19 people, most of them children in a school. That strike at Haydan and the deaths of 10 children between the ages of 8 and 15 drew immediate condemnation from United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.

In a statement Monday, MSF decried the "tragic consequences" of the attack on a "fully-functional hospital full of patients." It said Monday's bombing was the fourth such attack` against an MSF facility in the past 12 months.

A spokesman for the Saudi said the bombing targeted a training facility run by Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthi rebels battling Hadi government.

Rights groups have blamed both sides in the conflict of abuses, particularly in failing to protect civilians. U.N.-led peace efforts have failed to end the fighting.

美国土安全部为各州提供投票系统的网络安全帮助

美国国土安全部星期一提出，愿意帮助各州选举官员设法保证投票系统免受网络袭击。

美国国土安全部部长杰·约翰逊主持召开电话会议，与会的有全国各地的官员以及美国司法部和美国国家标准技术研究所的代表。

美国大多数选民投票时都会遇到某种形式的投票机，无论是使用触屏直接投票，还是把纸质选票放在扫描器上。但使用哪种投票系统取决于负责全美9000个投票区的地方政府官员，而非联邦政府。

约翰逊鼓励各州采纳落实各项建议，包括投票进行时确保电子投票机不和网络连在一起。

他还宣布展开一项新运动，把政府、私营领域的专家集合起来，宣传投票安全，并加强人们对涉及投票程序的基础设施所面临风险的认识。

Homeland Security Offering States Voting Cybersecurity Help

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security offered Monday to help state elections officials with the challenge of securing voting systems from the threat of cyber attacks.

Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson hosted a meeting by telephone with officials from around the country as well as representatives from the Justice Department and the National Institute for Standards and Technology.

Most voters in the U.S. encounter some kind of machine during the voting process, whether they vote directly on a touchscreen device or put their paper ballot into a scanner. But which system is used is up to officials overseeing the 9,000 separate voting jurisdictions across the country, not the federal government.

Johnson encouraged states to implement recommendations that include making sure electronic voting machines are not connected to the internet while voting is taking place.

He also announced a new campaign to bring together government and private sector experts to promote voting security and heighten awareness of the potential risks to the infrastructure involved in the process.