三名警察在美国南部城市巴吞鲁日被射杀

经确认，星期天早上在路易斯安那州巴吞鲁日市开枪打死三名警察，打伤另外三人的枪手是一名美国前海军陆战队员。

军方官员表示，来自密苏里州堪萨斯市29岁的加文·朗恩就是用攻击步枪向警察射击的蒙面枪手。他2005年到2010年期间在美国海军陆战队服役，获得中士军衔，2008年到2009年期间被派驻伊拉克。朗恩在与警察的交火中被击毙。

第四名受伤的警察是一位副警长，他接受紧急手术后生命垂危。另外两名警察因伤入院接受治疗，但没有生命危险。

当局尚未提供枪击是针对警察的证据。路易斯安那州总警监迈克·埃德蒙森上校说，调查正在进行之中，“有很多情况在发生变化”。他没有排除这名枪手仍有一个或多名共犯在逃的可能性。

3 Police Officers Shot, Killed in Southern US City of Baton Rouge

A former U.S. Marine has been identified as the gunman who shot and killed three police officers and wounded three others Sunday morning in the southern U.S. city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Military officials say 29-year-old Gavin Long of Kansas City, Missouri was the masked gunman who opened fire on the officers with an assault rifle. He served in the Marines from 2005 to 2010, earning the rank of sergeant. Long was deployed to Iraq from 2008 to 2009. He was killed in the shootout with police.

A fourth officer, a deputy sheriff, remains in critical condition after undergoing emergency surgery. Two other officers received hospital treatment for non-life threatening wounds.

Authorities offered no immediate evidence that police were targeted in the shootings. State Police Superintendent Col. Mike Edmonson said the investigation is ongoing "with a lot of moving parts." He did not rule out the possibility the shooter had one or more accomplices who remain at large.

共和党大会开幕日将着重于安全和移民问题

本星期结束时，共和党将正式提名川普为本党总统候选人，从而打响美国大选选战的第一枪。选民们最终将在11月8日做出自己的选择。

星期一，在俄亥俄州克利夫兰举行的共和党全国代表大会的开幕日将着重于国家安全和移民问题。

在大会上发言的包括前德克萨斯州州长佩里、一位在利比亚班加西领事馆袭击中丧生的美国人的母亲、几名移民改革的倡议人士、前纽约市长朱利安尼以及川普的妻子梅拉尼亚。

星期天晚上，川普在接受哥伦比亚广播公司“60分钟”节目的采访时回答了一个有关世界局势的问题，这个回答很可能预示着，他这个星期将把批评的矛头指向奥巴马总统和民主党总统候选人希拉里。

川普说：“我们需要实力”，“奥巴马软弱，希拉里软弱，有一部分，而且很大一部分问题在于我们需要法律和秩序。我们需要强大的边界。”

川普曾提议沿美墨边界建造一堵围墙，禁止穆斯林进入美国。不过，在星期天的采访中，他在禁止穆斯林入境美国的问题上立场略有软化，表示将把更多注意力放在出生国上。

他说：“有些地区和有些恐怖政府以及恐怖国家的人，我们是不会允许他们进入我们国家的。我们将实施‘最严格的审查’。”

Republicans Open Convention With Focus on Security, Immigration

By the end of this week, the Republican Party will have officially nominated Donald Trump as its presidential candidate and presented its opening shot in the general election race that culminates with U.S. voters making their choice on November 8.

Monday's opening day of the party's convention in Cleveland, Ohio is focused on national security and immigration.

Speakers include former Governor of border state Texas Rick Perry, the mother of an American killed in Benghazi, Libya, several immigration reform advocates, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, and Trump's wife, Melania.

In an interview with CBS' 60 Minutes broadcast Sunday night, Trump answered a question about the state of the world with an answer that is a likely preview of criticisms that will be directed this week at President Barack Obama and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.

"We need strength," Trump said. "Obama's weak, Hillary's weak. And part of it is, a big part of it, we need law and order. We need strong borders."

Trump has proposed building a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border as well as banning Muslims from entering the country. He softened slightly on the Muslim ban in Sunday's interview, suggesting he would focus more on people's country of origin.

"There are territories and terror states and terror nations that we're not gonna allow the people to come into our country. And we're gonna have a thing called "extreme vetting."