朝鲜向海域试射导弹

韩国军方官员说，朝鲜向东部海域发射了一枚弹道导弹。

美国军方说，他们监测到朝鲜同时发射了两枚导弹，一枚发射成功，另一枚发射后即刻爆炸。

有关官员说，试射的导弹据信是中程“芦洞”导弹，星期三上午接近8点时从朝鲜西部黄海南道殷栗郡发射，导弹飞行大约1000公里后在进入或是接近日本海域后落入海中。

日本首相安倍晋三称这次导弹试射是对日本安全的重大威胁，对朝鲜继续研发导弹技术提出强烈反对。

美国星期三也立即作出回应，警告朝鲜说，美国面对挑衅，随时准备保护自己及其盟友。

朝鲜正在努力使其核弹头小型化，以便可以装载到可以打到美国本土的远程导弹上。但是韩国国防官员说，平壤目前还没有研制成功小型核弹头。

North Korea Launches Missile into Ocean

South Korean military officials say North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the ocean off its eastern coast.

The U.S. military said it detected two simultaneous missile launches, one was successful and the other exploded immediately after launch.

Officials say the missile, believed to be a medium-range Rodong missile, was fired just before 8 a.m. Wednesday from Unyul in the country’s western Hwanghae province and flew about 1,000 kilometers before landing in or close to Japanese waters.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called the missile launch a "grave threat" to Japan’s security and expressed strong objections to the North’s continued ballistic missile aspirations.

The United States immediately responded to the test Wednesday, warning the North Koreans that it is ready to defend itself and its allies from any provocation.

North Korea is seeking to develop a warhead small enough to be placed on a long-range missile that can reach the continental United States. But South Korean defense officials say Pyongyang does not yet have such a miniaturized warhead.

川普称奥巴马是美国历史上最差的总统

星期二，在奥巴马称川普不“适合”当总统之后，川普也发表推文说，奥巴马“有可能作为美国历史上最差的总统而载入史册。

奥巴马星期二在白宫说，“我认为这位共和党总统候选人不适合当美国总统。上星期，我说过这个话，他不断地证明了这一点。”

但是，星期二，参加川普在维吉尼亚州集会的一位前美国海军陆战队员告诉美国之音，他认为，川普将是“一个伟大的总司令”。

直言不讳的川普星期二在维吉尼亚州阿什本的一个集会上接受一个退伍中校赠与的紫心勋章而再度引发争议。川普说，这位退伍老兵告诉他，这么做是为了表达对他的信任。

紫心勋章是授予在战斗中受伤或在战场上阵亡的美国军人的荣誉。它是美国军队的一个神圣传统。

川普说，他后悔自己从未在军队服役。他说这个士兵的礼物让他感到荣幸。他还说自己“一直都想得到一枚紫心勋章，这么得到容易得多”，这句话引起听众的低声轻笑。

但是紫心勋章组织的发言人伯彻却不觉得好笑。

他对哥伦比亚广播公司新闻节目说：“任何人佩戴或拥有不属于他的紫心勋章都是极其恶劣的事情。”

他或：“川普没有得到过紫心勋章，而且得到它是没有捷径的。我认为，他根本不了解紫心勋章的意义。”

Trump Counters Calls Obama Worst President Ever

U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday that Barack Obama "will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States" after Obama called Trump "unfit" to lead.

"I think the Republican nominee is unfit to serve as president. I said that last week and he keeps on proving it," Obama said Tuesday at the White House.

But a former U.S. Marine attending a Trump rally Tuesday in Virginia told VOA he thinks Trump will be "a great commander-in-chief."

The outspoken Trump added another controversy to his growing list Tuesday when he accepted a Purple Heart medal from a retired lieutenant colonel before the rally in Ashburn, Virginia. Trump said the former soldier told him the gesture was intended to show confidence in him.

The Purple Heart is awarded to a U.S. serviceman or woman wounded in combat, or posthumously awarded to someone killed in battle. It is a sacred U.S. military tradition.

Trump, who says he regrets never serving in the military, said he was honored by the soldier's gift. The audience chuckled when he said he had "always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier."

But a spokesman for the Military Order of the Purple Heart organization, John Bircher, was not amused.

"It is absolutely horrible for anyone to wear or have the Purple Heart medal who is not entitled to it," Bircher told CBS News.

"Donald Trump did not get the Purple Heart and there's no 'easy way' to get it. I don't think he has any clue as to the meaning of the Purple Heart medal."