据信自杀炸弹杀手在伊斯坦布尔造成10人丧生

土耳其总统埃尔多安说，伊斯坦布尔星期二发生的爆炸事件，据信是一名叙利亚自杀炸弹杀手干的。这次袭击事件造成至少10人丧生，15人受伤。

埃尔多安发表电视讲话，对这次袭击表示谴责，并说死难者中有土耳其人，也有外国人。

爆炸发生在伊斯坦布尔市苏丹艾哈迈德历史文化区，这里是重要的旅游区，是蓝顶清真寺和圣索菲亚大教堂等历史名胜的所在地。

目击者说，爆炸声音很响，能感到地面震动。

袭击事件发生后，土耳其总理达武特奥卢召开了紧急安全会议。

土耳其首都安卡拉一个火车站外去年10月份发生连环自杀炸弹爆炸，导致100多名参加集会的和平活动人士丧生。土耳其此后一直处于高度警戒状态。

土耳其政府还取消了安卡拉地区的新年庆祝活动计划。此前，有关部门拘留了两名据信阴谋发动自杀攻击的伊斯兰国组织嫌疑人。

土耳其战机参加了美国领导的针对叙利亚境内伊斯兰国极端分子的空中打击行动。

Suspected Syrian Suicide Bomber Kills 10 in Istanbul

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says a Syrian suicide bomber is believed to be responsible for Tuesday's blast in Istanbul that killed at least 10 people and wounded 15 others.

Erdogan condemned the attack in a televised address and said Turks and foreigners are among the dead.

The explosion hit Istanbul's historic Sultanahmet district, a major tourist area that is home to attractions such as the Blue Mosque and Haga Sophia.

Witnesses described the blast as loud and said it shook the ground.

Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu convened an emergency security meeting after the attack.

Turkey has been on alert for attacks since an October double suicide bombing killed more than 100 people at a gathering of peace activists outside a train station in the capital, Ankara.

The government cancelled planned New Year's celebrations in Ankara after detaining two suspected Islamic State members believed to be planning suicide attacks.

Turkish warplanes are taking part in the U.S.-led campaign of airstrikes targeting Islamic State militants in Syria.

美众议院考虑就制裁朝鲜进行投票

美国国会众议院星期二预计将对一项制裁措施案进行投票表决。制裁案规定要确保朝鲜得不到用于核武器项目的硬通货。

众议院外交委员会主席、共和党众议员罗伊斯提出了制裁案，以回应朝鲜上个星期宣布进行的第四次核试验。朝鲜称，这次试验引爆了一个有巨大摧毁力的热核材料装置。外界普遍对朝鲜自称氢弹爆炸成功的说法表示怀疑。

罗伊斯说，不能接受朝鲜核武器研发构成的威胁，国会必须采取主动行动。

朝鲜制裁执行法案将授权有关部门没收与朝鲜核扩散、非法活动和践踏人权活动有关的资产，阻止朝鲜领导人通过美国的金融系统获得资金，并要求美国总统制裁那些协助对美国发动网络攻击的人。

朝鲜1月6日的核试验被探测到之后几小时，联合国安理会也举行了紧急会议。安理会目前也在考虑对朝鲜实行新制裁，因为朝鲜“公然违反”了先前的联合国决议。

安理会上次批准制裁朝鲜，是朝鲜2013年2月12日进行第三次核试验的三个星期之后。

US House Considers N. Korea Sanctions Vote

The U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote Tuesday on a sanctions measure that would block North Korea’s access to the hard currency it needs for its nuclear weapons program.

Republican House Foreign Affairs Chairman Ed Royce sponsored the sanctions bill, which is seen as a response to North Korea's announcement last week that it had conducted a fourth nuclear test — this one detonating a thermonuclear device with massive destructive power. That claim has been met with widespread skepticism.

Royce said the threat from North Korea's nuclear advances is unacceptable, and that Congress should take the lead.

The North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act would authorize the seizing of any assets connected with North Korea's proliferation, illicit activities and human rights violations. It would deny North Korean leaders access to the U.S. financial system, and it presses the president to sanction individuals who facilitate cyberattacks against the United States.

The U.N. Security Council, which met in an emergency session hours after the January 6 nuclear test was detected, is also considering new sanctions against North Korea for its "clear violation" of previous U.N. resolutions.

The council last approved sanctions against North Korea three weeks after Pyongyang's third nuclear test on February 12, 2013.