据报沙特逮捕9名美国恐怖嫌疑人

一家沙特报纸星期日报道说，沙特当局在过去一周时间里逮捕了被怀疑是恐怖嫌疑人的9名美国公民和其他24人。

《沙特公报》说，被逮捕的人中还包括14名沙特人、3名也门人、2名叙利亚人、1名印尼人、1名菲律宾人、1名阿联酋人、1名哈萨克斯坦公民和1名巴勒斯坦人。

但路透社援引6名美国官员的话说，美国方面不能证实有美国公民被逮捕，并表示目前正在数据库中核查有关姓名。

《沙特公报》的报道没有说明这些恐怖嫌疑人当中是否有任何人和伊斯兰国组织有关联。伊斯兰国组织声称对近几个月来沙特安全部队和什叶派人士发动的数起致命袭击负责。

Report: Saudi Arabia Arrests 9 Americans Among Terror Suspects

A Saudi newspaper reported Sunday that authorities there have arrested nine American citizens and 24 people as terror suspects during the past week.

The arrests also included 14 Saudis, three Yemenis, two Syrians, an Indonesian, a Filipino, an Emirati, a Kazakhstan national and a Palestinian, the Saudi Gazette said.

But Reuters, citing comments from six U.S. officials, said the United States could not confirm any Americans were among the group and that authorities were still checking names against databases.

The Saudi Gazette did not say if any of what it called the "terror suspects" were linked to the Islamic State group, which has claimed several deadly attacks against security forces and Shi'ites in the kingdom in recent months.

美国总统选举初选即将在爱奥华州开始

经过数月的集会、演讲和辩论后，美国总统选举的初选阶段于星期一正式开始，中西部爱奥华州的选民们将在党团会议地点投票。

在爱奥华州率先举行至关重要的2016年初选投票之前，该州民调显示，共和党和民主党的选情都十分胶着。

在共和党方面，房地产大亨川普继续以微弱优势领先于德克萨斯州联邦参议员克鲁兹。在爱奥华州初选即将开始之际，克鲁兹看来有过几次失误。

在民主党方面，前国务卿希拉里·克林顿和佛蒙特州联邦参议员桑德斯几乎并驾齐驱。桑德斯自称是民主社会主义者。

两党总统参选人星期日在爱奥华州做了最后冲刺，他们在爱奥华州各地发表演讲，加紧抨击对手，并在最后一刻争取重要选民组织的支持。

Iowa Set To Kick Off US Primary Election Process

After months of rallies, speeches and debates, the U.S. primary election campaign is set to formally get under way Monday, when Iowa residents cast their presidential preference at caucus sites across the Midwestern state.

Ahead of the crucial, first-in-the-nation 2016 vote, opinion polls in Iowa revealed a tantalizingly close race for both the Republican and Democratic Party nominations.

On the Republican side, real estate developer Donald Trump maintains a slight lead over Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who appears to have made several missteps in the lead-up to the Iowa caucuses.

For the Democrats, the race seems to be a virtual tie between former secretary of state Hillary Clinton and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, the self-declared democratic socialist.

Candidates in both parties made a final sprint through Iowa Sunday, holding events in every corner of the state, stepping up attacks on rivals and making last-minute appeals to key voter groups.