韩国放弃与朝鲜谈判的希望

韩国总统朴槿惠星期二将在首尔向国会发表演讲，为她在朝鲜最近进行核试验和发射火箭后所采取的强硬立场提出辩护。

朝鲜最近进行核试验和发射火箭后，朴槿惠实际上放弃了与金正恩进行谈判的任何希望，同时与盟友华盛顿和东京一道加紧向平壤施压，希望朝鲜就范。

朴槿惠政府星期日说，开城工业园区70%的收益被用于为朝鲜的核项目提供经费，并以此证明关闭该园区是正确的举措。

联合国禁止朝鲜发展核武器和弹道导弹技术。自2006年以来，联合国已先后4次对朝鲜实施制裁，而且制裁力度不断加大。

South Korea is Done Dancing With North

South Korean President Park Geun-hye will defend her hardline response to North Korea’s recent nuclear test and rocket launch in an address to the National Assembly in Seoul Tuesday.

Following North Korea’s recent moves, Park has abandoned virtually any hope of negotiating with the Kim Jong Un government and has joined with allies Washington and Tokyo to step up efforts to coerce Pyongyang to capitulate.

Sunday the Park administration justified closing the jointly run Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea last week, saying that 70 percent of the income generated at the complex was used to finance the North’s nuclear program.

The United Nations has banned North Korea from developing nuclear weapons and ballistic missile technology and has imposed four rounds of increasingly stronger sanctions since 2006.

罗马天主教宗访问墨西哥最贫困州

罗马天主教教宗方济各星期一前往墨西哥最贫困的恰帕斯州访问，他将在这个居住着大量原住民的地区，通过三种原住民语言主持一场弥撒，然后访问西部米却肯州首府莫雷利亚。那里的农民2013年曾拿起武器，抗击“圣殿骑士”毒品走私集团。

星期天，教宗方济各在墨西哥城郊的埃卡特佩克为30万罗马天主教信徒举行了露天弥撒。他在讲道中批评了毒品交易及其相关暴力，这是他五天之行的中心议题。

他说：“让我们铭记在心：与魔鬼绝无对话可言。” 教宗教导信徒拒绝虚浮、骄傲和奢华。他敦促墨西哥人走在构建国家未来的“前沿”。

Pope Visits Mexico's Poorest State

Pope Francis travels Monday to heavily indigenous Chiapas, Mexico's poorest state, where he will preside over a Mass conducted in three indigenous languages. He then visits Morelia, the capital of the western state of Michoacan where farmers in 2013 took up arms to battle the so-called Knights Templar drug cartel.

On Sunday, Francis held an open air Mass for some 300,000 Roman Catholic faithful in Mexico City's suburb of Ecatepec. The pontiff spoke out against the drug trade and associated violence; a central theme of his five-day visit.

"Let's get that in our heads, with the devil there is no dialogue," he said while urging the faithful to resist vanity, pride and wealth. Francis urged Mexicans to be on the "front lines'' in forging their country's future.