英调查称伊拉克战争“严重错误”

一份外界期待已久的有关英国介入伊拉克战争的官方报告认为，13年前在英美领导下的同盟国侵入伊拉克的行动“完全没有必要”，伊拉克独裁者萨达姆∙侯赛因对英国或是西方国家不构成迫在眉睫的威胁。

前英国政府高级官员约翰.齐尔科特主持的这项调查对政要，情报和外交系统官员，以及军方将领在侵入伊拉克，以及英国部队数年间在伊拉克，特别是伊拉克南部的军事行动提出批评。

齐尔科特在伦敦召开的记者会上措辞严厉。他说，伊拉克战争的策划和军事干预行动都存在重大问题，很失败，其影响一直持续到今天，他指的显然是最近巴格达发生的造成250多人丧生的自杀爆炸事件。

British Inquiry Finds Iraq War 'Went Badly Wrong'

The invasion of Iraq 13 years ago by an American- and British-led coalition was “unnecessary” and Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein represented “no imminent threat” to Britain or the Western powers, according to a long-awaited official report into Britain's involvement in the Iraq War.

The inquiry led by John Chilcot, a former top British civil servant, heaped blame on politicians, intelligence officials, diplomats and generals for their role in the invasion and for the conduct of the years-long military operations by Britain’s forces, mainly in the south of Iraq.

In a scathing appraisal, Chilcot told a news conference in London that the planning and conduct of the military intervention was seriously flawed and “went badly wrong, with consequences to this day.” He referenced the recent suicide bombings in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, that left more than 250 people dead.

路易斯安那州警察枪杀黑人引发抗议

星期二，美国路易斯安那州爆发示威抗议，原因是警察在一家便利店外开枪打死一名男子的视频被公开。

尸检报告显示，37岁的死者奥尔顿·斯特林的胸部和背部多处受到枪伤。

当时警方接到匿名报案，说有人在便利店外卖CD光盘，而且用枪威胁他。两个警察接报后到达现场，双方发生争吵。便利店店主穆法希告诉当地媒体说，其中一名警察将斯特林扑倒，斯特林反抗，另一名警察朝斯特林打了“4到6枪”。

身为五个孩子父亲的斯特林当场死亡。

警方尚未公开导致事态升级的原因，也没有证实一名目击者用电话拍摄的视频是不是这次事件的视频。两名涉案警察已被停职。

那段视频的内容与店主穆法希的证词吻合，显示死者被按倒在地，然后被开枪射杀。视频显示开枪的警察喊道,“如果你乱动，我向上帝发誓”，然后他开了枪。

Protests Erupt After Louisiana Man Shot by Police

Protests erupted in Louisiana Tuesday after a video of a man being shot and killed by a police officer outside a convenience store was made public.

Alton Sterling, 37, suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the chest and back, according to the autopsy report.

Two officers responded to an anonymous caller who said someone was selling CDs and had threatened him with a gun outside the store. A brief altercation ensued when the officers arrived. The store owner, Abdul Muflahi, told local media that one officer tackled Sterling, and when he resisted, the second officer shot him "four to six times".

Sterling, father of five, died at the scene.

Police have not released what lead to the situation's escalation. They also have not confirmed that a video shot on a witness's phone is of the incident in question. Both officers have been put on administrative leave.

The video corresponds to Muflahi's testimony, showing the victim being wrestled to the ground and shot. The police officer in question is heard saying "If you f****** move I swear to God" before firing his gun.