德黑兰称沙特轰炸伊朗驻也门使馆

星期四，伊朗和沙特阿拉伯之间的外交危机加剧。德黑兰禁止来自沙特的一切进口产品，并指责利雅得对伊朗驻也门大使馆进行了“蓄意”轰炸。

伊朗国营电视台报道，伊朗外交部发言人安萨里说，在也门首都萨那针对伊朗使馆进行的空袭“违反了所有保护外交使团的国际公约”。

他说：“沙特阿拉伯要对使馆建筑受到的破坏和使馆人员受到的伤害负责。” 他的声明里没有具体说明受伤者的身份以及伤势如何。

沙特阿拉伯在也门空袭，是为了支持跟胡赛什叶派反政府武装作战的部队。胡赛什叶派反政府武装背后有伊朗撑腰。沙特阿拉伯尚未对伊朗的指责发表评论。

伊朗政府星期四还禁止来自沙特的所有进口产品。官方发表的声明还说，伊朗禁止人们前往圣城麦加。

沙特阿拉伯上周跟伊朗断交，因为一些抗议者冲击沙特阿拉伯驻德黑兰大使馆。抗议者对沙特处决什叶派教士尼姆尔感到愤怒。尼姆尔一贯对沙特阿拉伯王室持批评态度。

此后，一些阿拉伯国家也宣布与伊朗断交，以示对沙特的支持。还有一些国家降低了与伊朗外交关系的级别。

Saudi Arabia Airstrikes Hit Iran Embassy in Yemen, Says Tehran

The diplomatic crisis between Iran and Saudi Arabia intensified Thursday, with Tehran banning all Saudi imports and accusing Riyadh of conducting "deliberate" airstrikes on its embassy in Yemen.

Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossein Jaber Ansari said the alleged air attacks in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, were "a violation of all international conventions that protect diplomatic missions," according to state television.

"Saudi Arabia is responsible for the damage to the embassy building and the injury to some of its staff," he said. His statement did not specify who was wounded or to what extent.

Saudi Arabia is carrying out a campaign of airstrikes in Yemen in support of forces fighting against Iranian-backed Houthi Shi'ite rebels. Riyadh has not commented on the Iranian accusations.

Also Thursday, Iran's cabinet banned the import of all products from Saudi Arabia, according to a government statement. It also put in place a ban on Iranians traveling to the holy city of Mecca.

The developments come after Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic ties with Iran last week following violent protests at the Saudi embassy in Tehran. The protesters were upset over the Saudi execution of prominent Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr, who was critical of the Riyadh kingdom.

Several Arab countries have since severed diplomatic relations with Iran, in solidarity with Saudi Arabia. Other nations have downgraded ties with Tehran.

韩国报复朝鲜核试验 恢复宣传广播

韩国宣布，星期五恢复向朝鲜的高音喇叭宣传广播，以此回应平壤本周早些时候的核试验。

韩国总统府青瓦台的一位官员说，“广播从星期五中午开始”。

1950-53朝鲜半岛冲突后，韩国和朝鲜实际上仍处于战争状态，去年8月两国因高音喇叭广播争端互射炮火。在与平壤就缓和敌对状态达成一揽子措施协议后，韩国停止了广播。

韩国总统国家安全高级官员赵泰永在一份声明中说，朝鲜宣称星期三进行的氢弹试验“严重违反”了8月的协议。

他说：“我们的军队严阵以待，如果朝鲜发起挑衅，将予以严厉惩罚”。

Seoul to Resume Propaganda Broadcasts to Retaliate Against N. Korea Nuclear Test

South Korea announced it will resume loudspeaker propaganda broadcasts into North Korea on Friday in response to Pyongyang's nuclear test earlier this week.

"The broadcasts will begin tomorrow at noon (0300 GMT)," an official at the presidential Blue House said.

The two countries, which remain technically at war after the 1950-1953 Korean conflict, traded artillery fire in August over the broadcasts. South Korea stopped the transmissions after it agreed with Pyongyang on a package of measures aimed at easing animosities.

The North's claim that it tested a hydrogen bomb Wednesday is a "grave violation" of that August agreement, Cho Tae-yong, a senior presidential national security official, said in a statement.

"Our military is at a state of full readiness, and if North Korea wages provocation, there will be firm punishment," Cho said.