土耳其空袭打死伊拉克境内的库尔德武装分子

土耳其官方媒体报道，至少20名库尔德武装分子星期三早上在土耳其发动的空袭中被打死。

阿纳多卢通讯社说，土耳其的F-16战机的攻击目标是靠近土耳其与伊拉克边界的哈库尔克山区被取缔的库尔德工人党。

土耳其政府与库尔德工人党长达两年的停火和平进程在2015年7月破裂。

土耳其战机经常空袭位于伊拉克北部及土耳其东南部的库尔德工人党营地。反政府力量则针对安全部队发动了一系列血腥的报复袭击行动。

这是土耳其自上星期未遂政变之后向库尔德工人党发动的第一次攻击。

Turkish Airstrikes Hit Kurdish Rebels in Iraq

Turkish state media report at least 20 Kurdish militants were killed in Turkish airstrikes on northern Iraq early Wednesday.

Turkey's F-16 fighter jets targeted members of the outlawed Kurdish Workers Party (PKK) in the mountainous region of Hakurk near Iraq's border with Turkey, according to Anadolu news agency.

A two-year-old cease-fire and peace process between Turkey's government and the PKK collapsed in July 2015.

Turkish warplanes have been carrying out frequent bombing raids on PKK camps in northern Iraq and in Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast. The rebels have responded with a string of bloody attacks on security forces.

This is Turkey's first attack on the PKK since the failed coup attempt last week.

维基解密称公布文件后其网站被土耳其屏蔽

具有争议的揭秘组织维基解密说，该组织公布了埃尔多安总统的执政党被黑客入侵获取的大约30万份电邮后，土耳其下令在全国范围内屏蔽其网站。

星期三早上时有关细节仍不明朗，目前还不清楚土耳其是否阻拦了人们接触这些材料。

维基解密星期一宣布，计划公布被形容为详述土耳其政治权力结构的文件。几天前，土耳其刚刚发生了一起令本国以及其它国家政府紧张不安的未遂军事政变。

维基解密在推特上宣布打算公布这些文件时警告说：“准备好战斗吧，我们要把10万多份有关土耳其政治权力机构的文件公布于众。”

WikiLeaks: Turkey Blocking Its Website After Document Dump

The controversial anti-secrecy organization WikiLeaks says Turkey has ordered a nationwide blocking of its website, after the group released some 300,000 emails hacked from the ruling party of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

Details remained sketchy early Wednesday, and it was not immediately clear whether access to the material had yet been blocked.

WikiLeaks announced Monday it planned to release documents described as detailing Turkey's political power structure, just days after a failed military coup attempt that rattled the country and governments across much of the world.

In announcing its intent on Twitter to publish the material, WikiLeaks warned: "Get ready for a fight as we release 100k+ documents on #Turkey's political power structure."