川普会晤另一位国务卿可能人选 前中情局长彼得雷乌斯

美国当选总统川普星期一会晤了另一位可能的国务卿人选－前中央情报局局长戴维∙彼得雷乌斯，不过彼得雷乌斯如果被提名，将面临参议院的严肃质询。

彼得雷乌斯担任中央情报局局长前是美国驻伊拉克最高指挥官，并曾在阿富汗领导北约部队。2012年彼得雷乌斯因向他的传记作者和情妇泄漏机密而被迫辞去中情局局长职务。

不过川普表示，他对彼得雷乌斯的资历感到非常敬佩。

共和党官员透露，川普决定任命来自乔治亚州的联邦众议员汤姆∙普莱斯担任卫生与公共服务部部长。普莱斯议员是奥巴马医保的坚定反对者之一。

川普曾表示要推翻奥巴马医保，不过他透露，奥巴马医保中的有些条款可以保留。

除彼得雷乌斯外，川普考虑的国务卿人选还包括前纽约市长朱利安尼，前美国驻联合国大使博尔顿，参议院外交委员会主席、共和党参议员鲍勃∙考克和前马萨诸塞州长罗姆尼。

Trump Meets with Ex-CIA Chief David Petraeus as Possible Secretary of State

President-elect Donald Trump met with another possible candidate for secretary of state Monday, and one who is likely to raise some tough questions from the U.S. Senate -- former CIA chief and retired general David Petraeus.

Before leading the CIA, Petraeus was top U.S. commander in Iraq and led NATO forces in Afghanistan.

But he was forced to resign from the CIA in disgrace in 2012 after leaking classified information to his biographer, with whom he was having an affair.

Despite Petraeus' past, Trump tweeted that he was "very impressed" with the retired general.

Republican officials say Trump has also decided on another cabinet appointment - the secretary of health and human services. His choice is said to be Georgia Representative Tom Price, who has been a leading critic of President Barack Obama's health care law, commonly known as Obamacare.

Trump has pledged to repeal Obamacare, although he has indicated that there are certain parts of the program he believes should be retained.

In addition to Petraeus, Trump is reported to be considering several other politicians and diplomats for the secretary of state post. They include former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton, Republican Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Bob Corker, and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.

俄亥俄州立大学校园袭击11人受伤

美国俄亥俄州立大学一名来自索马里的学生星期一开车冲撞人群后下车持刀行凶，造成11人受伤。凶手被警方开枪打死。

校方证实，凶手是该校学生阿卜杜勒∙拉扎克∙阿里∙阿尔坦。

医院负责人说，受伤的人都没有生命危险。

俄亥俄州立大学校长迈克尔∙德雷克说，最初有传闻说还有第二名嫌疑人，但警方搜索了事发区域后相信只有一个凶手。美国联邦调查局已介入调查。

德雷克校长说，他不愿意揣测袭击者的动机。他说这是一起蓄意袭击事件，因为凶手开车冲上了人行道撞击行人，然后下车拿着一把屠刀伤人。

学生们说，事件发生时他们躲在教室和办公室里，把椅子叠起来堵在门口。

位于哥伦布市的俄亥俄州立大学主校区有近6万名学生。

11 Injured in Attack at Ohio State University

A Somali student at Ohio State University drove his vehicle into a crowd of pedestrians Monday and then got out and began stabbing people, injuring 11. He was shot and killed by police.

Ohio State University identified the attacker as Abdul Razak Ali Artan, a student at the school.

Hospital officials said none of the victims has life-threatening injuries.

OSU President Michael Drake said initially there were rumors of a second suspect. However, Drake said police searched the area and believe there was only one attacker. The FBI also has joined the investigation.

Drake said he would not speculate about a motive. He said it was a deliberate attack because the suspect drove his vehicle over a curb to hit pedestrians on a sidewalk. He said the suspect then got out of the car and began stabbing people with a butcher knife.

Students said they barricaded themselves inside classrooms and offices, pilling chairs in front of doors, when the incident was happening.

There are nearly 60,000 students at Ohio State's main campus in Columbus.