被控间谍罪的俄公民周五将提申辩

美国法院文件显示，被控从事间谍活动的一名俄罗斯公民将提出申辩。他定于下月在联邦法院受审。

布里亚科夫被控借着在纽约市一家俄罗斯银行任职的身份，为俄罗斯外事情报局搜集信息。

检方文件显示，布里亚科夫可能会在星期五提交认罪或无罪申辩。他定于4月4日在曼哈顿联邦法院受审。

美国司法部2015年1月宣布布里亚科夫被逮捕，此前他与一名联邦调查局便衣特工多次秘密会面，他以为这名特工是一家能源公司的分析师。

检方说，布里亚科夫与另外两名俄罗斯人合谋搜集美国的经济情报，包括有关美国制裁莫斯科措施的细节。他还被控试图招募纽约市民为其搜集情报。

Alleged Russian Spy to Register Plea Friday

U.S. court documents indicate a Russian citizen accused of spying will register a plea Friday, ahead of his federal trial next month.

Evgeny Buryakov is accused of posing as an employee of a Russian bank in New York City to gain information for Moscow's foreign intelligence agency, known as the SVR.

Prosecutors' documents indicate Buryakov could register a plea of guilty or not guilty on Friday. He is set to face trial in federal court in Manhattan on April 4.

The U.S. Department of Justice announced Buryakov's arrest in January 2015, after he held multiple secret meetings with an undercover FBI agent that Buryakov believed to be an energy company analyst.

Prosecutors say he conspired with two other Russian men to gather U.S. economic intelligence, including details about U.S. sanctions against Moscow. He is also accused of trying to recruit New York residents as intelligence contacts.

前情报总监:平壤可因缺钱出售核材料

朝鲜最近声称已完成对其核弹头的小型化，美国对这一说法持怀疑态度的同时，越来越担心平壤可能会向其他国家输送核技术或核材料。

分析人士说，虽然对平壤核项目的先进程度存在不同评估，但几乎没有疑问的是，朝鲜正在扩充其核储备。美国约翰斯·霍普金斯大学国际研究所的核问题专家们估计，朝鲜目前拥有10至16枚核弹头，到2020年，朝鲜拥有的核弹头可能会多达100枚。

曾任美国中央情报局长和国防部长的帕内塔说，平壤进行核输出的可能性是切实存在的。

前美国国家情报总监布莱尔警告说，在国际社会加紧制裁朝鲜之际，平壤更可能会出售其核材料或核技术，以换取现金。

Former Intelligence Chief: Cash-strapped N. Korea Could Sell Nuclear Materials

While North Korea’s recent claim that it has miniaturized nuclear warheads drew skepticism in the United States, there is growing concern in Washington that Pyongyang could transfer nuclear technology or materials to other countries.

Analysts say there may be mixed assessments of how advanced Pyongyang’s nuclear program is, but there appears to be little doubt that the country is expanding its nuclear stockpile. Nuclear experts at Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies estimate that North Korea currently has between 10 and 16 nuclear weapons and it could possess as many as 100 weapons by 2020.

Leon Panetta, a former CIA director and former U.S. defense secretary, said Pyongyang’s nuclear transfer is a “very real concern.”

Former Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair warned Pyongyang could be more tempted to sell its nuclear materials or technology to earn cash amid increased sanctions.