古巴准备迎接第一架美国航班的到来

古巴正在为半个多世纪以来第一架美国商业航班在这个共产党国家着陆做准备，这是两国关系正常化的最新一步。

古巴民航学院的负责人科尔德罗说，古巴将为本周的航班以及纷至沓来的美国航班做好准备。预计今后几年内每天航班将增至110架次。

他说：“我们已经成功地对做好了人员准备，在获取足够资源的情况下，我们现在可以保证达到国际民航标准所需要的安全水平。”

古巴副交通部长罗德里格斯表达了同样的意思。他说：“过去几年，古巴机场一直在为游客的增加进行系统化的准备。”

美国捷蓝航空公司的飞机星期三将从佛罗里达州的劳德代尔飞往古巴的圣克拉拉，成为第一架飞往古巴的美国商业航班。

包括美航、边疆、银色、西南和太阳城在内的其它美国航空公司正在计划提供飞往古巴的业务， 美国法律禁止大多数美国游客访问古巴。但是，奥巴马总统授权其它形式的旅游除外，例如探亲、公务、记者访问和教育之旅等。

Cuba Prepares for First US Flight to the Island

Cuba is preparing for the first U.S. commercial flight to land in the communist country in more than five decades, the latest step in normalizing relations between the two nations.

The president of the Cuban Civil Aviation Institute, Alfredo Cordero, said Cuba will be ready for this week's flight as well as the influx of U.S. flights -- expected to grow to as many as 110 per day within the next several years.

"We have successfully prepped our personnel and, in acquiring access to the necessary resources, we are now able to ensure we meet the required level of security demanded by international civil aviation standards," Cordero said.

Cuba's Vice Minister of Transportation Eduardo Rodriguez echoed those comments, saying "Cuban airports have been systematically preparing over the past few years for the increase in tourists to Cuba."

The first U.S. commercial flight will take place Wednesday when Jet Blue will fly from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to the central Cuban city of Santa Clara.

Other U.S. air carries that are planning to begin airline service to Cuba include American Airlines, Frontier Airlines, Silver Airways, Southwest Airlines and Sun Country Airlines.

U.S. law still prohibits most tourist visits to Cuba. However, President Barack Obama has authorized exceptions for other types of travel, including family visits, official business, journalist visits and educational tours.

印防长跟五角大楼签署重要后勤补给协议

美国和印度签署重要后勤补给协议，使双方军队可以使用对方基地进行维修和补充给养。

美国国防部长卡特星期一在五角大楼对记者说，他和印度国防部长马诺哈·帕里卡稍早正式签署了《后勤交换协议备忘录》。两位领导人4月份在印度会晤时就“原则上”同意签署这份备忘录。

卡特说，该协议“完全互惠”，使联合行动更方便更高效。两位国防部长强调，协议没有授权在彼此境内建立基地，而是仅在“我们选择一起行动时”使用对方的基地和设备。

帕里卡说：“这与建立基地没有任何关系。”“它就是后勤支援。”
帕里卡到访五角大楼期间，两位国防领导人还讨论了印度最近被确定为美国一个主要国防合作伙伴的问题。这个定位是在印度总理莫迪六月访问华盛顿时宣布的。卡特说，它使美国军方能够“以只有对待我们最亲密和最持久的盟友的方式”同印度军方进行合作。

周一在五角大楼的会谈是两位国防部领导人第六次会晤。美印两国不久将在印度举行重要的年度联合演习。

Indian Defense Minister Signs Major Logistics Agreement With Pentagon

The U.S. and India have signed a key logistics agreement that will enable U.S. and Indian forces to use each other's bases for repair and replenishment of supplies.

U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter told reporters Monday at the Pentagon that he and Indian Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar formally signed the Logistics Exchange Memorandum of Agreement (LEMOA) earlier in the day. The two defense leaders had agreed on the memorandum “in principle” when they last met in India in April.

Carter said the agreement is “fully mutual” and makes joint operations easier and more efficient. Both defense leaders stressed the agreement did not allow each nation to set up bases on the other, but to use bases and equipment only for “operating together when we choose to.”

“It doesn’t have anything to do with the setting up of bases,” Parrikar added. “It’s basically logistics support.”

During Parrikar's visit to the Pentagon, the two defense leaders discussed India’s recent designation as a major U.S. defense partner. The designation recently was announced during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's June visit to Washington, and Carter said it allows the United States military to cooperate with India’s military “in a way that we do only with our closest and most long-standing allies.”

Monday’s talks at the Pentagon, the sixth meeting between the two defense chiefs, comes ahead of key annual exercises in India between U.S. and Indian forces.