法官延长佛罗里达州选民登记期限

由于飓风马修的影响 ，美国一位联邦法官决定把佛罗里达州选民登记的期限延长一天， 并且考虑进一步延长。这个最后期限本来是星期二。

佛罗里达州的民主党人说，选民需要更多时间登记，特别是共和党籍州长斯科特上星期在飓风到来前要求150万民众疏散。

民主党总统候选人希拉里∙克林顿敦促斯科特州长利用他的紧急事务权限下令延长登记期限，被斯科特拒绝。斯科特认为，佛罗里达州民众在10月6日疏散令下达之前，已经有足够的时间注册登记了。

不过，马克∙沃克尔法官还是应佛罗里达州民主党的要求，把选民登记的最后期限从星期二延长到了星期三下午五点。

Judge Extends Florida Voter Registration

A federal judge has extended Florida's voter registration deadline by a day and agreed to consider a longer extension in the wake of Hurricane Matthew. The initial deadline was Tuesday.

Florida Democrats had argued that Florida's would-be voters needed more time, especially after Republican Governor Rick Scott last week urged 1.5 million residents to evacuate as the storm approached.

Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton called Scott to extend the deadline himself using his emergency authority. The governor declined, saying Floridians "had enough time to register'' before the Oct. 6 evacuation orders.

Judge Mark Walker granted a request by the Florida Democratic Party to move the state’s voter registration deadline from Tuesday to Wednesday at 5 p.m.

法国说俄罗斯可能面临在叙利亚的战争罪指控

法国说，俄罗斯对于叙利亚城市阿勒颇的轰炸可能使俄罗斯面临战争罪指控。

法国外长让－马克∙埃罗星期一表示，轰炸行动构成了战争罪。

他说，法国将与国际刑事法庭检察官协商，探讨如何就此展开调查。

让－马克∙埃罗说：“我们反对俄罗斯轰炸阿勒颇的行为。法国坚定地致力于挽救阿勒颇民众的生命。”

莫斯科一再否认对叙利亚平民发动袭击，声称轰炸目标是恐怖组织 。

目前还不清楚国际刑事法庭将如何对阿勒颇的轰炸行动展开调查，因为俄罗斯和叙利亚都不是该法庭的成员国。这个问题可以由联合国安理会提交给法庭，但目前安理会在叙利亚问题上处于僵局。

France Says Russia Could Face War Crimes Over Syria

France says Russia could face war crimes charges over its bombing campaign of Syria's eastern city of Aleppo.

French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said Monday that the bombings are war crimes.

Ayrault said France would consult with prosecutors from the International Criminal Court (ICC) to see how to launch investigations.

"We do not agree with what Russia is doing, bombarding Aleppo. France is committed as never before to saving the population of Aleppo," Ayrault said.

Moscow has repeatedly denied attacking civilians in Syria, and says it targets terrorist groups.

It is not clear how the ICC could investigate the bombings in Aleppo because neither Russia nor Syria is a member of the International Criminal Court. The matter could be referred to the court by the U.N. Security Council, but the council has been deadlocked over Syria.