奥巴马:担任总统不是电视真人秀

美国总统奥巴马说，他在今年总统大选中的作用就是提醒美国民众，担任总统是一项严肃的工作。

奥巴马在接受美国全国广播公司晚间秀采访时说，当总统不是电视真人秀，我知道需要做出什么样的决策，需要做哪些工作，我相信，如果让美国人民看到利害关系，看到我们需要正确处理的重大问题，他们就会做出正确的选择。

民主党和共和党初选过程中，奥巴马至今基本没有参与。但目前希拉里·克林顿和川普在11月对决的格局已经形成，预计奥巴马将设法帮助民主党人继续第三届留在白宫。

川普在竞选期间屡次批评奥巴马总统的执政表现，并说如果希拉里·克林顿当选，她只会延续奥巴马的政策。

Obama: Presidency is 'Not Reality TV'

U.S. President Barack Obama says his role in this year's election to pick his replacement is to remind Americans that the presidency is a serious job.

"This is not reality TV," he said during an appearance on NBC's Tonight Show to be broadcast Thursday. "I've seen the decisions that have to be made and the work that has to be done, and I have a lot of confidence that if the American people are reminded of what's at stake and all the incredibly important issues that we gotta get right, that they're going to make a good choice."

Obama has largely stayed out of the process thus far as voters chose nominees from his Democratic Party and the rival Republican Party. But now that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are set to face off in November, the president is expected to help the push to keep a Democrat in the White House for a third consecutive term.

During his campaign, Trump has repeatedly criticized Obama's presidency and said if Clinton is elected she will only continue those policies.

巴格达数起爆炸 至少15人丧生

警方说，伊拉克首都巴格达星期四上午发生两起自杀汽车炸弹袭击，造成至少15人死亡，30人受伤。

一次爆炸发生在巴格达东部一条商业街，至少4人被炸死。另一次爆炸发生在位于巴格达北部城区伊拉克最大的军事基地之一。

两次袭击都发生在当地时间上午9点左右。

巴格达一名卫生官员说，伤亡数字可能还会上升。

目前还没有任何组织宣称对爆炸袭击负责。

伊拉克军方发言人星期三在巴格达说，尽管伊拉克部队对费卢杰的伊斯兰国激进分子发动进攻，但巴格达的袭击事件并没有像很多人预期的那样减少。

Multiple Bombings Kill at Least 15 in Baghdad

Two suicide car bomb attacks in Iraq's capital have left at least 15 dead and 30 wounded Thursday morning, according to police.

One bomb targeted a commercial street in eastern Baghdad, killing at least four. Another explosion hit one of the country's largest military bases north of Baghdad.

Both attacks occured around 9am local time.

A Baghdad health official warned that the casualty tolls may rise.

No group has immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks.

Attacks in the Iraqi capital have not subsided as many expected, despite the Iraqi offensive against Islamic State militants in Fallujah, a military spokesman in Baghdad said Wednesday.