前美参议员: 美国人民有能力评估9/11机密文件

前美国联邦参议员格雷厄姆说，美国人民“完全有能力”对28页有关外国支持2001年9月11日恐怖袭击的机密材料做出判断。

这些材料出自一个国会联合委员会14年前撰写的报告，但当时的总统乔治·W.布什下令，不准把这一章节与其他800页材料一道公诸于众。一些看过这一章节的官员曾经发表评论，暗示沙特阿拉伯与9/11恐怖袭击有关，但未能提供确凿细节。

格雷厄姆一直坚决主张公布这些材料。他说，一位白宫官员向他透露，奥巴马总统将于6月做出决定，他认为这是“朝着正确的方向迈进了一步”。

9/11委员会和国会委员会坚信，沙特阿拉伯没有支持基地组织的意愿。

Former Senator Says Americans 'Fully Capable' of Evaluating Secret 9/11 Documents

Former U.S. Senator Bob Graham says Americans are "fully capable" of making up their own minds about 28 classified pages that discuss possible foreign support for those who carried out the September 11, 2001 terror attacks.

The pages are from a joint congressional committee report that came out 14 years ago, but then-President George W. Bush ordered that chapter not be included in the public release of 800 other pages. Some officials with access to the chapter have made comments alluding to Saudi Arabia, but without being able to offer details the exact connections suggested remain a mystery to most of the country.

Graham has been a strong advocate in the push to have the pages released to the public. He said a White House official told him President Barack Obama would make a decision by June and that he viewed that as a "step in the right direction."

The 9/11 Commission and the congressional committee have definitively determined Saudi Arabia had no intent to support al-Qaida.

世卫组织: 80%城镇居民呼吸的空气不安全

世界卫生组织星期四发表的一份报告说，80%以上的城镇地区居民呼吸的空气不安全。

世卫组织的公共卫生及环境政策主管内拉博士在报告中指出，城镇地区的空气污染程度正在以令人担忧的速度增长，严重危害人体健康。

在以往两年里，世卫组织的城镇空气污染监督数据库扩大了将近一倍，目前已覆盖103个国家的3000个城镇。

世卫组织警告说，空气污染会对城镇居民健康造成严重影响，可能导致中风、心脏病、肺癌以及包括哮喘在内的慢性和急性呼吸道疾病。

世卫组织的报告显示，中低收入国家的空气污染程度更严重。在中低收入国家，98%的10万人口以上城市的空气质量没有达到世卫组织的安全标准，而在高收入国家，空气质量没有达标的10万人口以上城市只有56%。

WHO: 80% of Urban Residents Breathe Unsafe Air

More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to unsafe air quality, according to a report released by the World Health Organization Thursday.

"Urban air pollution continues to rise at an alarming rate, wreaking havoc on human health," WHO Director of Public Health and Environmental Policy Dr. Maria Neira said in the report. "At the same time, awareness is rising and more cities are monitoring their air quality."

In the past two years, the WHO's database of cities monitoring air pollution has nearly doubled - now covering 3000 cities in 103 countries.

The WHO warned of the serious affects poor air quality could have on the health of urban residents, linking it to risk of stroke, heart disease, lung cancer, and chronic and acute respiratory diseases including asthma.

The report also showed that low- and middle-income countries generally have poorer air quality. 98% of cities with 100,000 or more inhabitants in low- and middle-income countries do not meet WHO air quality guidelines, while 56% in high-income countries fail to meet the standard.