世卫组织呼吁筹集五千六百万美元应对寨卡病毒

世界卫生组织表示，需要五千六百万美元，实施控制寨卡病毒扩散的战略。这种病毒被认为跟新生儿先天缺陷有关联。

世卫组织星期三表示，其战略重点在于动员和协调各方合作伙伴和专家，调集人力物力，帮助有关国家加强监控寨卡病毒以及该病毒可能导致的病症。

世卫组织表示，在筹集到所需款项之前，已动用紧急资金，开展应对寨卡病毒的措施。筹集到的资金将在世卫组织及其他国际合作伙伴之间分发。

世卫组织星期二曾表示，发现寨卡病毒的国家应考虑采取改造蚊子基因等非常规性的应对方式，遏制病毒的扩散。

WHO Calls for $56 Million to Fight Zika Virus

The World Health Organization says it will need some $56 million to implement its strategic response designed to contain the Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects in newborns.

The WHO said Wednesday that its strategy focuses on mobilizing and coordinating partners, experts, and resources to help countries enhance surveillance of the Zika virus and disorders that could be linked to it.

WHO says it has tapped an emergency contingency fund to pay for Zika response until it collects the necessary funds, which will be distributed among the World Health Organization and other international partners in the fight against the virus.

On Tuesday the organization said countries dealing with Zika outbreaks should consider unorthodox tools, such as genetically modified mosquitos, to halt the spread of the virus.

美国战机飞往韩国

4架美国战机星期三飞越韩国领空，再次向朝鲜展示武力。朝鲜最近进行了核试验和弹道导弹试射。

这些能够躲避雷达的F22隐形战机从日本冲绳岛空军基地起飞，数小时后降落在首尔附近的乌山空军基地。

美韩空军联合部队指挥官欧肖内西中将说：“这次飞行使命展示了美韩联盟的力量以及美韩两国维持朝鲜半岛稳定的决心。”

这次行动的10天前，平壤发射了一枚远程火箭，将其所称的一颗“地球观测卫星”送入轨道。国际社会谴责平壤发射火箭违反了联合国针对朝鲜先前进行的远程弹道导弹试射实施的制裁。

US Fighter Jets Fly to South Korea

Four U.S. fighter jets flew across South Korea Wednesday in the latest show of force against North Korea for its recent tests of nuclear and ballistic missile weapons programs.

The F-22 stealth planes, which are capable of avoiding radar, landed at Osan Air Base near Seoul hours after taking off from their home base on Japan's Okinawa island.

"This mission demonstrates the strength of the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea, and the resolve of both nations to maintain stability on the Korean Peninsula," said Lieutenant General Terrence O'Shaughnessy, the commander of the joint U.S.-Korea air forces.

Wednesday's mission took place 10 days after Pyongyang launched a long-range rocket and placed what it called an "Earth observation satellite" into orbit. The launch was condemned by the international community as a violation of United Nations sanctions against the regime for previous long-range ballistic missile tests.