韩国日本向朝鲜实施新制裁

韩国和日本分别向朝鲜实施单边制裁。

两国星期五宣布这一决定前，朝鲜声称要对联合国新制裁实施报复。

韩国和日本一直在对朝鲜实施制裁。新制裁是象征性的，因为现有的制裁，特别是联合国的制裁措施，使朝鲜与这两个国家的贸易几乎可以说并不存在。然而，朝鲜最近的一轮核试验促使韩日宣布新的制裁措施。

韩国的新制裁包括针对那些访问过朝鲜的外国导弹与核专家，如果他们的访问被认为对韩国构成威胁，韩国将禁止他们入境。

日本星期五表示，将禁止曾停靠朝鲜港口的船只进入日本。日本还将冻结与朝鲜核项目和导弹项目有关的组织与个人的资产。

联合国安理会星期三一致同意，针对朝鲜9月9号的核试验实施新一轮经济制裁。

制裁目标是能够为朝鲜赚取外汇来资助其核武器和弹道导弹项目的经济领域，制裁会使朝鲜每年损失8亿美元的收入，相当于朝鲜出口总收入的四分之一。

South Korea, Japan Impose New Sanctions on North Korea

South Korea and Japan have imposed unilateral sanctions on North Korea.

The announcement of the sanctions Friday followed Pyongyang's promise to retaliate against new U.N. sanctions imposed earlier this week.

South Korea and Japan already had sanctions in place against North Korea. The new sanctions, however, are mainly symbolic as trade and exchange between the North and its two neighbors are largely non-existent because of existing sanctions, especially those imposed by the United Nations. But North Korea's latest round of nuclear tests has prompted its neighbors to announce the new restrictions.

South Korea is banning the entry of foreign missile and nuclear experts, if their visits to North Korea are deemed to be a threat to South Korea.

Japan said Friday it will not allow ships into the country that have called at ports in North Korea. Japan said it will also freeze the assets of groups and individuals associated with North Korea's nuclear and missile programs.

On Wednesday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously voted to impose a new round of targeted economic sanctions against North Korea for its September 9 nuclear test.

The sanctions take aim at sectors of the defiant nation’s economy that generate cash to fund its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, and could cost Pyongyang more than $800 million a year in lost funds – the equivalent of a quarter of its total export revenues.

联合国秘书长潘基文为2010年海地爆发霍乱道歉

联合国秘书长潘基文星期四向海地人民道歉。六年前联合国维和部队被指责造成了海地霍乱的爆发。

潘基文在一次联合国成员国非正式会议上说：“我代表联合国，非常明确地表明，我们向海地人民道歉。” 他说：“我们没有尽力避免霍乱爆发和传播。我们对此深表歉意。”

这是潘基文迄今最直接的一次道歉，不过他没有承认是联合国维和部队把这种可能致命的疾病带到了海地。潘基文说：“这给联合国和海地人民的关系蒙上了阴影。这是联合国维和部队和联合国在全世界声望的污点。”

很多人相信，一名感染霍乱的尼泊尔籍的维和部队成员2010年被派遣到海地进行地震救援的时候，污染了海地的阿蒂博尼特河流。这条河是数以万计海地人的主要水源。后来霍乱传播造成9千人死亡，80万人患病。一些受害者要求赔偿，他们在美国的法庭向联合国提出控告，但是法庭裁决联合国享受外交豁免。

联合国星期四公布了一份16页的报告，阐述了应对海地霍乱的双轨道“新方式”，并提出初步投入4亿美元。

UN Chief Apologizes for 2010 Cholera Outbreak in Haiti

U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon apologized to the people of Haiti on Thursday, more than six years after U.N. peacekeepers were blamed for causing a deadly cholera epidemic on the island nation.

“On behalf of the United Nations, I want to say very clearly: we apologize to the Haitian people,” Ban told an informal meeting of U.N. member states. “We simply did not do enough with regard to the cholera outbreak and its spread in Haiti. We are profoundly sorry for our role,” he added.

Ban’s apology, his most direct to date, fell short of admitting that U.N. peacekeepers brought the potentially fatal illness to Haiti. “This has cast a shadow upon the relationship between the United Nations and the people of Haiti,” he said. “It is a blemish on the reputation of U.N. peacekeeping and the organization worldwide.”

It is widely accepted that Nepalese peacekeepers who were sent to assist Haiti in its recovery after the devastating 2010 earthquake, contaminated a branch of the Artibonite River with cholera. The river is the country’s main water source for tens of thousands of Haitians. Subsequently more than 9,000 people died of the disease, and some 800,000 were sickened. Some of the victims sought compensation, suing the United Nations in U.S. District court, but the court ruled that the international organization is protected by diplomatic immunity.

The United Nations released a 16-page report on Thursday which details a two-track “new approach” to cholera in Haiti. It calls for $400 million in initial funding.