美韩联合军演操练先发制人军事打击

美国和韩国下个月开始举行两个盟军之间有史以来最大规模的联合军演，据报将演练先发制人摧毁朝鲜核设施的军事打击能力。

继朝鲜最近进行核试验和远程火箭发射之后，华盛顿和首尔今年的年度联合军演将部分努力集中于如何抵御大规模杀伤性武器的袭击。

在军事战略家设计的某些演习状况中，最好的防守就是发动有效进攻，也就是在袭击即将来临之前，摧毁朝鲜的导弹发射场、核设施或其他军事战略目标。

首尔的特洛伊大学安全分析人士丹尼尔·平斯顿说：“考虑到威胁的性质，这类军演和这类训练对朝鲜来说将是新常态，除非他们废止其核计划。但我认为短期内这不会发生。”

US, South Korea to Practice Offense During Joint Exercises

The United States and South Korea will reportedly practice preemptive military strikes to take out North Korean nuclear sites next month when they begin the largest joint exercises ever conducted by the two allied forces.

In the wake of North Korea’s recent nuclear test and long-range rocket launch, Washington and Seoul will focus in part on defending against attacks by weapons of mass destruction during this year's annual joint exercises.

In some scenarios being game planned by military strategists, the best defense is a good offense, one that would eliminate a North Korean missile site, nuclear facility or other strategic military target prior to an imminent attack.

“These types of exercises, this type of training, considering the nature of the threat, it's going to be the new normal for North Korea, unless they were to roll back their nuclear program, which I don'foresee that happening anytime soon,” said Northeast Asia security analyst Daniel Pinkston with Troy University in Seoul.

俄罗斯谴责叙利亚恐怖袭击旨在破坏和平努力

俄罗斯星期一强烈谴责叙利亚发生的一系列炸弹爆炸事件，表示这些袭击的目的是破坏和平努力。

俄罗斯外交部发表声明说，国际社会需要对这些伊斯兰国组织宣称负责的恐怖袭击做出相应的反应。

叙利亚首都大马士革星期天发生的多起炸弹爆炸造成至少83人死亡，霍姆斯的炸弹爆炸造成59人死亡。

俄罗斯和美国正在努力劝说叙利亚冲突各方接受一项新的停火建议。

美国国务卿克里星期日说，美俄两国就一项“临时协议”达成一致，可以在几天内付诸实施。

克里与俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫通了电话。俄罗斯外交部说，两国已就停火框架取得一致立场。克里和拉夫罗夫都没有透露有关方案的细节。

Russia: Syria Terror Attacks Meant to Derail Peace Effort

Russia on Monday condemned a series of deadly bombings in Syria, saying the attacks are aimed at derailing peace efforts.

Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement the terror attacks, which were claimed by Islamic State, need an adequate reaction from the international community.

Multiple bombings in Damascus killed at least 83 people Sunday, while bombs in Homs killed another 59 people.

Russia and the United States are trying to convince opposing sides of the Syrian conflict to accept a new cease-fire proposal.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday a "provisional agreement" had been reached with Russia and could begin within a few days.

Kerry spoke by telephone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, whose ministry said the two powers agreed on the parameters of the cease-fire. Neither diplomat released details of the plan.