一纽约男子涉嫌策划除夕袭击被逮捕

美国司法部说，有关当局逮捕了纽约州一位居民，此人被指控策划在新年除夕以伊斯兰国组织的名义杀害平民。

根据星期四早上首次出庭时宣读的一份声明，25岁的卢奇曼被控试图向伊斯兰国组织提供物质支持。根据法庭记录，卢奇曼称自己已经皈依伊斯兰教。记录还说，他有刑事犯罪前科，可以追溯到大约2006年，而且曾因精神健康问题被州政府逮捕。

声明说: “被告声称从一个国外伊斯兰国组织成员那里接收指令，计划在纽约州罗切斯特的一家餐厅-酒吧对平民从事武装袭击。”根据法庭记录，卢奇曼身上携带了小刀、大刀、胶带、扎带以及滑雪面罩等。”

New York Man Arrested for Planning Attack on New Year’s Eve

The U.S. Justice Department says authorities have arrested a New York state resident accused of planning to kill civilians on New Year's Eve in the name of the Islamic State group.

A statement during an initial court appearance Thursday morning says Emanuel Lutchman, 25, was charged with attempting to provide material support to IS. He was described in court records as a "self-professed Muslim convert with a criminal history dating back to approximately 2006 . . . as well as previous state mental hygiene arrests."

The statement said, "the defendant, claiming to receive direction from an overseas [Islamic State] member, planned to commit an armed attack against civilians at a restaurant/bar located in the Rochester, New York, area." Court records said Lutchman had armed himself with knives, a machete, duct tape, zip ties and ski masks.

慕尼黑除夕夜紧张过后解除恐怖警告

德国警方解除了巴伐利亚州慕尼黑市的恐怖主义威胁警告。几个小时之前，有人威胁要在新年除夕进行自杀炸弹袭击，当局为此疏散了两个火车站。

慕尼黑警察局局长安德雷星期五对记者表示，有关官员先前发出警告，因为根据“非常具体的”线索，有人计划在午夜时分，也就是在慕尼黑迎新年活动的高潮，对火车站进行自杀炸弹袭击。

巴伐利亚州内政部长赫尔曼表示，一个友邦的情报部门提供情报说，有5到7个伊斯兰恐怖分子在策划袭击。

慕尼黑的主要火车站和一个郊区火车站为此关闭了四个小时，从午夜之前不久关闭到元旦凌晨三点半。火车站重新开放之后，火车按星期五的时刻表准时发车。

虽然有恐怖主义威胁警告，但除夕夜依然有成千上万的人在慕尼黑街道上举行了迎新年的庆祝活动，也没有发生任何状况。

Munich Lifts Terror Alert After Tense Night

German police lifted a terrorism alert in the Bavarian city of Munich, hours after evacuating two train stations in the face of a New Year's Eve suicide bomb threat.

Munich police chief Hubertus Andrae told reporters Friday that officials had taken precautions because of a "very concrete" tip that suicide attacks were planned for the city's train stations at midnight, at the height of Munich's New Year's celebrations.

Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann said a friendly foreign intelligence service had given them word that between five and seven Islamic State militants were planning the attacks.

Munich's main train station and a suburban station in the western borough of Pasing were closed for about four hours, from shortly before midnight until about 3:30 a.m. New Year's Day. The re-opening allowed morning trains to depart on schedule Friday.

Despite the precautions, thousands of people celebrated the evening in the streets of Munich without incident.