川普誓言上任第一天就退出跨太平洋贸易协定

美国当选总统川普说，他上任第一天将正式宣布美国退出跨太平洋贸易伙伴协定，这是他的“美国优先”策略的组成部分。

川普星期一在YouTube上公布视频讲话。他说，跨太平洋贸易伙伴协定TPP对美国是潜在的灾难。川普说：“取而代之的是，我们要通过谈判，达成公平的双边贸易协定，把就业机会与企业带回美国。”

川普在竞选期间一直反对有12个亚太国家组成的TPP，他同时也反对美国与加拿大和墨西哥的北美自由贸易协定。川普对自己的谈判能力深表信心，承诺他将谈判签署有利于美国的新协定。

2016年2月12个亚太国家的部长级官员签署了TPP， 其宗旨是共同繁荣，创造就业，在所有国家推动可持续的经济发展。奥巴马总统支持这个协定，但协定尚未得到国会批准。

TPP没有美国参加就无法生效，因为TPP条款规定，需要所有12个国家批准，或是有六个以上国家批准，但这些国家必须占12个国家国内生产总值总和的85%。美国就占了12国国内生产总值总和的60%，所以没有美国参与其他国家无法达到这个标准。

奥巴马政府认为TPP对美国和其他11个国家的工人有利，因为TPP对工资、工时以及工作环境标准有新的标准，TPP还禁止雇用童工。美国官员说，美国企业，特别是小企业，因为贸易壁垒的消除可以增加出口，而且协定能够增加透明度，减少腐败，推动环保。

川普星期一讲话列出的工作重点并没有提到他在竞选中所承诺的在美墨边界盖墙的承诺。

他说，他将要求劳工部调查损害美国工人利益的违反签证法规的行为，并要求国防部制定计划，保护美国关键的基础设施不受网络或其他形式的攻击。

川普还计划取消能源领域的一些法规，他说这样能够创造大量高薪的就业机会。作为政府改革的一部分，川普说他希望每制定一项新法规，就要废除两个旧法规。

川普说，他的权力交接团队正在平稳高效地工作，继续与可能进入新政府的人选会面。

川普计划星期二或星期三离开纽约，前往他在佛罗里达州的度假别墅过感恩节。

Trump Pledges to Kill TPP Trade Deal on 1st Day in Office

President-elect Donald Trump says his first day in office will include issuing formal notification the United States is withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, part of a series of moves based on his focus on "putting America first."

In a video message posted to YouTube Monday, Trump called the TPP a "potential disaster" for the U.S. "Instead, we will negotiate, fair, bilateral trade deals that bring jobs and industry back onto American shores," he said.

Throughout his campaign for president Trump opposed the TPP, which involves 12 Asia-Pacific nations, as well as the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. He touted his negotiating ability and said he would get new agreements that benefit the U.S.

Ministers from TPP countries signed the agreement in February 2016, saying their goal was to "enhance shared prosperity, create jobs, and promote sustainable economic development for all of our nations." President Barack Obama supported the pact, but Congress never gave the necessary approval for the U.S. to formally join.

Without the U.S., the TPP cannot go into effect. That is because of a provision that says it either needs to be approved by all 12 signatories, or by at least six of them if they together account for 85 percent of the combined gross domestic product of the entire group. The United States represents 60 percent of the combined GDP, so there is no way to meet that 85 percent threshold without U.S participation.

The Obama administration touted the TPP as a benefit for workers in the U.S. and the other 11 countries because of new standards for wages, hours, working conditions and prohibitions against child labor. Officials also said U.S. companies, particularly small businesses, would be able to vastly expand their exports through the elimination of tariffs, and that the deal would bring stronger standards for transparency, anti-corruption, and environmental protection.

The promises Trump spelled out Monday did not include anything about his much-touted wall at the U.S.-Mexican border.

He said he would tell the Department of Labor to investigate "abuses of visa programs that undercut the American worker" and ask the Defense Department to come up with a plan to protect the country's vital infrastructure from "cyberattacks and all other form of attacks."

Trump wants to do away with regulations targeting the energy industry which he says will create "many millions of high paying jobs." And as part of his plan to reform government, Trump wants any new regulation to come in only with the elimination of two existing ones.

He said his transition team is working "very smoothly, efficiently and effectively," and continued meeting with a parade of people being considered for jobs in the incoming administration.

Trump planned to leave New York on Tuesday or Wednesday to spend the Thanksgiving holiday at his Florida resort.

德克萨斯州抓获枪杀警察的嫌疑人

美国德克萨斯州警方逮捕了一名涉嫌枪杀警察的嫌疑人。刚刚过去的星期天，美国有四名警察执行公务时在不同的州遭到枪击，德克萨斯州这名警察就是其中之一。

警方说，他们经过大规模搜捕，星期一晚上逮捕了31岁的嫌疑人奥蒂斯∙麦肯，双方没有发生冲突。不过警方表示，尚不清楚麦肯开枪袭击警察的动机是什么。

圣安东尼奥这名遇害警官当时正在警局不远处的警车里处理交通违规，枪手把车停在警车后面，下车走过去隔着玻璃开枪击中了马克尼的头部。

星期天，密苏里州和佛罗里达州也发生了警察遭枪击事件，造成三名警察受伤。

美国司法部长林奇星期一说，这些枪击事件是不可容忍的恶行。她指出，最近的数据显示，2016年对警察来说是尤其危险的一年，因公殉职的警察人数显著增加。

Police in Texas Arrest Suspect Who Killed Cop

Texas police have arrested a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Texas policeman, one of four officers shot in the line of duty Sunday in multiple states.

Police say the 31-year-old suspect, Otis McKane, was arrested without incident Monday evening following an extensive manhunt. They say they do not yet know the motive for the shooting.

The San Antonio detective was killed as he sat in his police car during a routine traffic stop outside the city's police headquarters.

Officials say the gunman pulled his car behind the policeman, walked up to the squad car, and shot the officer in the head through the car window.

Also Sunday, there were shootings of police officers in Missouri and Florida, resulting in injuries.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Monday that the shootings are "reprehensible acts" that "cannot be tolerated." She said recent statistics show that 2016 has been an especially dangerous year for police officers, with a significant increase in the number of officers killed in the line of duty.