新西兰地震后发生强烈余震

新西兰南岛发生7.8级地震后，星期一又发生强烈余震。

美国国务院发言人科比说，国务卿克里向新西兰承诺尽一切力量提供帮助。

新西兰官员证实，这次地震发生在南岛最大城市基督城以外90公里处，造成两人丧生。就连200公里外的首都惠灵顿都有房屋建筑被震坏。

地震后南岛城镇发出海啸警告，数以千计的居民逃到地势较高的地方避难。

目前已出现高达两米的海浪，有关官员说，海啸是威胁民众生命安全的国家大事。

2011年基督城曾发生6.3级地震，造成185人死亡。

Strong Aftershocks Hit New Zealand Following Strong Quake

A powerful aftershock shook New Zealand's South Island Monday, just hours after being hit by a powerful 7.8-magnitude earthquake.

John Kirby, a spokesman for U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the top American diplomat offered New Zealand "whatever U.S. assistance might be required."

New Zealand officials have confirmed two people died after the powerful earthquake hit 90 kilometers from Christchurch, the biggest city on New Zealand's South Island. The quake caused damage to buildings more than 200 kilometers away in the capital, Wellington.

Thousands of residents in the coastal area of New Zealand fled their homes for higher ground after tsunami warning sirens were activated in South Island coastal towns.

Some waves were up to two meters and officials described the tsunami as an "event of life-threatening or national significance."

A 6.3 quake in Christchurch in 2011 killed 185 people and caused widespread damage.

川普保证说 使用推特会谨慎

美国当选总统川普表示，他就任总统后会继续使用推特，不过任内发推会“非常克制”。

川普星期天晚上在接受哥伦比亚广播公司《六十分钟》节目采访时说，“我如果非要使用推特的时候，我会非常克制。我将会非常克制。” 他说，“这是一种现代的沟通方式。我们没有什么不好意思的。它就是这么一种工具。”

然而，川普入住宾夕法尼亚大道1600号前，针对仇视他的媒体纽约时报发了几条推特。

“哇，纽约时报由于对 ‘川普现象’的报道太差，而且非常不准确，因此失去了数以千计的订户。” 这个房地产大亨在星期天早上发出的一条推特中说。

川普在另一条推文中对他的1500万追随者说，“纽约时报给订户们发了一封信，对我的糟糕报道表示道歉。我怀疑它是否会改进，我很怀疑。”

川普所指的信是这家报纸致读者和订户的。信上说，它将对自己的大选报道进行“反思”，“使自己重新对美国和世界做出忠实的报道”，“对权力进行问责”。

川普星期天发出的推特中还有几条对共和党议员们打电话祝贺他表示感谢。他们中大多数在竞选期间都曾对他的候选人资格提出过批评。

Trump Vows to be 'Very Restrained' on Twitter

President-elect Donald Trump says he will continue to use Twitter when he takes office, but that he will be "very restrained" while in the White House.

"I'm going to do very restrained, if I use it at all, I'm going to be very restrained," Trump said in an interview to be aired Sunday night on CBS' 60 Minutes. "It's a modern form of communication. There should be nothing we should be ashamed of. It's where it's at."

And yet, while he waits to move into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Trump devoted several tweets against his media nemesis, the New York Times.

"Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the 'Trump phenomena'," the real estate mogul wrote in one tweet early Sunday.

"The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?" he wrote in a separate tweet to his nearly 15 million Twitter followers.

The tweets referred to a letter the paper sent to its readers and subscribers stating it would "reflect" on its election coverage and "rededicate ourselves to... report America and the world honestly" and to "hold power to account."

Among his jumble of tweets on Sunday, Trump also wrote a series of posts thanking Republican lawmakers -- most of whom had criticized his candidacy during the election -- for calling to congratulate him.