费卢杰激战导致平民伤亡

随着攻打伊斯兰国控制的伊拉克城市费卢杰的战斗加剧，平民伤亡开始增加。

挪威难民理事会的一名官员说：“费卢杰正在发生一场人类灾难。平民百姓被困在交战炮火中，无法安全逃脱。”

伊拉克部队为夺回这座城市而发动进攻。

联合国儿童基金会发表声明说，至少2万儿童被困在费卢杰城内。联合国儿童基金会敦促交战各方确保这些儿童的安全。

联合国难民署还得到了一些有关平民在猛烈炮火中丧生或在房子废墟里被活埋的报告。

难民署发言人斯平德勒说，还有报道说，“数百户家庭”被伊斯兰国激进分子“当作人体盾牌”。

自战斗上周打响以来，已有大约625户人家设法外逃。伊拉克部队将逃出的男子进行隔审查，担心那些在伊斯兰国组织统治下生活了两年多后离开那里的人们是否效忠伊斯兰国。

Civilian Casualties in Fierce Battle for Fallujah

Civilian casualties are beginning to mount as the battle for the Islamic State-held city of Fallujah intensifies.

"A human catastrophe is unfolding in Fallujah. Families are caught in the crossfire with no safe way out," said an official of the Norwegian Refugee Council.

Iraqi forces have launched an offensive aimed at retaking the city.

At least 20,000 children are trapped inside the city, according to a statement released by the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). The organization has urged all parties to ensure the safety of these children.

The U. N. refugee agency has received reports of civilians being killed in heavy shelling or buried alive under the rubble of their homes.

"There are also reports of several hundred families being used as human shields" by Islamic State militants, said UNHCR spokesman William Spindler.

Some 625 families have managed to escape the fighting since last week. Iraqi forces are separating out and screening the men, out of concern about the loyalties of those who are leaving the city after living under IS rule for more than two years.

秘鲁：数千人抗议总统候选人藤森庆子

4天后即将举行总统决选之际，数千人在秘鲁首都利马游行，反对在总统竞选中处于领先地位的候选人藤森庆子。

抗议者高喊“反对藤森庆子”等口号。藤森庆子的父亲藤森谦1990年至2000年担任秘鲁总统，是个充满争议的人物，他因侵犯人权和腐败罪名被判25年监禁，目前正在服刑。

现年41岁的藤森庆子试图与其父亲拉开距离，承诺不再采用他的强硬立场和专制统治，并主张将巨额经费用于基础设施，包括为遏制犯罪而修建更多监狱。

秘鲁总统决选定于星期日举行，藤森庆子的对手是77岁的库辛斯基。在首轮投票中，藤森庆子大幅领先于库辛斯基。

如果获胜，藤森庆子将成为秘鲁首位女总统。

Peru: Thousands Protest Presidential Candidate Fujimori

Thousands marched in Peru's capital, Lima, to oppose presidential frontrunner Keiko Fujimori, just four days before the election.

Protesters chanting slogans such as "Keiko No!" Keiko Fujimori’s father, controversial former president Alberto Fujimori, ruled from 1990 to 2000 and is currently serving a 25-year sentence for human rights abuses and corruption during his term.

Keiko Fujimori, 41, has tried to distance herself from her father by promising not to revive his hardline methods or authoritarian rule, and proposing generous spending on infrastructure, including building more prisons in an effort to combat crime.

Fujimori faces 77-year-old Kuczynski in a runoff election Sunday. She beat him by a large margin in the first round of voting.

The center-right politician would be Peru's first female president.