伊朗逮捕一名曾参与伊朗重大核协议谈判的“间谍”

伊朗逮捕了一名参与伊朗与世界大国核协议谈判的一名小组成员。

这是一个被视为具有里程碑意义的协议。

根据伊朗国营媒体报道，伊朗司法部门发言人艾杰星期天说，一名“渗透进核问题谈判小组的间谍”在被监禁几天之后取保候审。

这名谈判人员的身份没有被披露，不过艾杰说，他正在接受调查。

伊朗去年同意遏制其核项目，以换取解除大多数的全球经济制裁。很多强硬派人士反对这项协议，认为这是对美国的让步。

星期三，强硬派新闻机构报道，伊朗官员逮捕了伊朗与加拿大双重国籍的谈判小组成员艾斯法哈尼。去年在一名主要谈判代表主持的伊朗核协议谈判中，他是谈判小组成员。谈判达成的协议解除了针对伊朗的制裁。

伊朗国营媒体在回应星期三强硬派媒体的报道时援引了艾杰星期天的讲话。他说：“报道是准确的。他得到保释，对他的指控还未被证实。”

艾斯法哈尼被调查的原因还不清楚。不过，自从去年达成核协议以来，伊朗安全机构更经常地打击拥有双重国籍的人士。

Iran Arrests a 'Spy' Who Helped Negotiate a Landmark Nuclear Deal

Iran has arrested a member of a team that played a role in negotiating a milestone nuclear agreement with world powers.

According to IRNA, Iran's state media, judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei said Sunday that a "spy who had infiltrated the nuclear team" was released on bail after being held in jail for a few days.

The negotiator's identity was not disclosed but Ejei said he is still under investigation.

Last year Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for relief from most global economic sanctions. The deal is opposed by many hardliners who view it as a concession to the United States.

On Wednesday, hard line news organizations reported Iranian officials apprehended dual Iranian-Canadian national Abdolrasoul Dorri Esfahani. He was a member of a team that negotiated the lifting sanctions against Iran under one of the primary negotiators of last year's nuclear pact.

In response to Wednesday's hard line media reports, Iran's state media quoted Ejei Sunday as saying, "The report is correct. He was released on bail. Yet, his charge is not proved."

Why Esfahani is being investigated is not clear. But people with dual nationalities have been more frequently targeted by Iranian security forces since the nuclear deal was reached last year.

川普在多为白人的集会上吁求黑人的支持

美国共和党总统候选人唐纳德·川普在最不可能的场合--在几乎所有与会者都是白人选民的集会上不断呼吁非洲裔美国选民支持他。

川普星期六在中西部农业州爱奥华的竞选集会上向非洲裔选民发出他的最新吁求。他对主要是白人的与会者说，他把美国很多城市中心的恶劣环境归咎于民主党几十年来的政策。他称对手—民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿为偏执狂，说她不去改善黑人和拉美裔美国人的悲惨境地。

川普说：“作为一个父亲，一个建筑商，一个美国人，看到任何人居住在这等条件里都会触犯我的是非观。他们的居住条件太差了，糟糕到令人无法相信的地步，太糟糕了。”

全国民调显示，克林顿在黑人和拉美裔选民中拥有的支持率遥遥领先于川普，他们是选民人数增长最快的一部分人。与此同时，川普在白人选民中的领先优势并不大。政治分析人士说，川普争取少数族裔选民的努力意在削减克林顿在黑人与拉美裔选民中占有的优势，而且还希望赢得更多妇女以及共和党温和派的支持，这些人也许会倾向于支持克林顿，因为他们把川普看成是一个种族主义者。

川普从竞选初期便把一些从墨西哥边界涌入美国的非法移民打上强奸犯和罪犯的标签。他仍坚持他的标志性竞选承诺，呼吁修建一道边界围墙阻止移民涌入美国。不过，过去几天，他誓言要把1100万居住在美国的非法移民遣送回国的立场有所动摇。

Donald Trump Appealing for Black Support at Mostly White Rallies

U.S. Republican presidential contender Donald Trump is making repeated appeals for support from African-American voters at the unlikeliest of venues, at rallies where almost all the voters are white.

Trump made his latest pitch for black votes Saturday at a political rally in the Midwest farm state of Iowa, telling the largely white crowd that he blamed decades of Democratic policies for the "deplorable conditions in many of our inner cities." He has called Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent in the November 8 presidential election, a bigot for not improving the plight of blacks and Hispanics.

“As a father, as a builder, as an American," Trump said, "it offends my sense of right and wrong to see anyone living in such conditions. They are living in terrible, terrible conditions. Beyond belief: bad, bad, bad.”

National political surveys show Clinton has amassed a huge lead over Trump among black and Hispanic voters, the fastest growing segment of the American electorate, while he holds a much smaller lead among white voters. Political analysts say his appeal for minority voters is aimed at cutting into Clinton's edge among black and Hispanic voters, but also an effort to win more support from women and politically moderate Republicans who might be inclined to support Clinton because they view Trump as a racist.

From the earliest days of his campaign, Trump branded undocumented immigrants pouring over the Mexican border into the U.S. as rapists and criminals. He continues to call for construction of a border wall to thwart the stream of migrants entering the United States, a signature of his campaign, but has wavered with shifting positions in the last few days about his vow to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States to their home countries.