联合国人权小组判定阿桑奇被强制拘禁

联合国一个人权工作小组判定，维基揭秘创办者阿桑奇在厄瓜多尔驻伦敦大使馆被强制拘禁，但该小组无权向寻求逮捕阿桑奇的英国警方发布指示。

这个联合国工作小组星期五宣布了上述判定结果。为避免因强奸指控被逮捕并引渡到瑞典，阿桑奇在厄瓜多尔驻英大使馆避难已长达3年半左右。

英国当局还没有对联合国工作小组的这一判定做出反应。

瑞典检察官星期四预料到了联合国工作小组会做出这一判定，并表示，阿桑奇受困不会对他在瑞典被控强奸一案有任何影响。

阿桑奇是澳大利亚人，他在维基解密网站上发表了很多泄露的外交密电和美国认为属于机密的其他敏感文件。这是美国历史上最大规模的泄密事件之一。

UN Rights Panel Rules WikiLeaks Founder Was 'Arbitrarily Detained'

A U.N. human rights working group has ruled that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been "arbitrarily detained" at the Ecuadorian embassy in London, but the group has no authority over British police seeking to arrest him.

The working group announced its findings Friday, some three-and-a-half years after Assange took refuge in the embassy to avoid arrest and extradition to Sweden on rape charges.

British authorities have not yet responded to the ruling.

On Thursday, Swedish prosecutors predicted the U.N. ruling and said Assange's confinement has no impact on the rape case against him in Sweden.

Assange, who is Australian, published on WikiLeaks a number of leaked diplomatic cables and other sensitive documents the United States considers classified information. It was one of the largest information leaks in U.S. history.

世卫组织建议不接受从寨卡病毒传播地区返回者捐献的血液

世界卫生组织建议各国有关机构，不要接受近期从寨卡病毒传播国家返回者捐献的血液。

寨卡病毒是一种通过蚊子叮咬传播的病毒，目前在拉丁美洲迅速传播，特别是巴西。寨卡病毒对孕妇构成最大威胁。

医生怀疑寨卡病毒与一种罕见的新生儿小头症有关。

巴西报告说，自去年10月以来发现了4000多起新生儿小头症病例。让专家们感到迷惑的是，其他拉美国家也存在寨卡病毒，但几乎没有发现过新生儿小头症病例。

西班牙星期四证实，一名最近去过哥伦比亚的孕妇感染了寨卡病毒。这是欧洲第一个涉及妊娠的寨卡病毒感染病例。

目前没有针对寨卡病毒感染的治疗手段，但一些全球制药大公司正在加紧研制疫苗。

WHO: No Blood Donations from People who Visited Zika-Affected Areas

The World Health Organization is advising officials not to accept blood donations from people who recently returned from countries affected by the Zika virus.

The mosquito-borne virus is most prevalent in Latin America, particularly Brazil, and poses its greatest danger to pregnant women.

Doctors suspect the Zika virus is linked to a rare neurological condition called microcephaly, which causes babies to be born with abnormally small heads.

Brazil reports more than 4,000 microcephaly cases since October. But experts are puzzled why it is nearly non-existent in other Latin American countries where the Zika virus is present.

Spain confirmed the virus Thursday in a pregnant woman who recently traveled to Colombia. It is the first known pregnancy-related Zika case in Europe.

There is currently no treatment for Zika. But a number of global pharmaceutical houses are rapidly working on a vaccine.