中国九个月来出口首次增长

中国说，3月份出口额大幅增至1608亿美元，显示世界上第2大经济体的经济状况出现好转。

中国海关总署星期三报告说，3月份的出口额增长11.5%，这是自去年6月以来的首次增长。同时，出口额降至1310亿美元，降幅为7.6%。中国海关总署说，中国3月份的贸易顺差为299亿美元。

在利好消息的推动下，上海、深圳和香港股市星期三开市后都上扬至少两个百分点。

China Posts First Export Increase in 9 Months

China says its exports surged in March to $160.8 billion, a sign that the world's second-largest economy is improving.

The 11.5 percent increase reported Wednesday by the customs department is the first since last June. On the other side of the ledger, imports declined 7.6 percent from a year earlier to $131 billion. The customs department says China finished March with a trade surplus of $29.9 billion.

The good news boosted Chinese stocks in early Wednesday trading, with the Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong indexes all gaining at or above two percent.

巴拿马警方突袭莫萨科冯塞卡律师事务所

巴拿马联邦特工人员突袭了莫萨科·冯塞卡律师事务所的办公室，该事务所与多名世界领导人的离岸账户有关。

巴拿马司法部长发表声明说，检察官和警察搜查了有关莫萨科·冯塞卡律师事务所可能从事“非法活动”的证据。

星期二深夜，警察搜查了莫萨科·冯塞卡律师事务所总部，寻找支持这一指控的证据。与此同时，该事务所在推特上表示，将继续配合有关当局进行调查。

1个多星期前，所谓“巴拿马文件”在网上泄露，显示莫萨科·冯塞卡律师事务所为很多富有的国际客户建立离岸账户，帮助他们避税。

该事务所的创建人拉蒙·冯塞卡说，该事务所没有违反任何法律，也没有销毁任何文件。

该事务所的客户包括乌克兰总统波罗申科、俄罗斯总统普京的朋友、英国首相卡梅伦的亲属、巴基斯坦总理谢里夫以及中国国家主席习近平的亲属。

Panama Police Raid Mossack Fonseca Offices

Federal agents in Panama have raided the offices of the Mossack Fonseca law firm, which is linked to a number of offshore accounts associated with world leaders.

Panama's attorney general said in a statement that prosecutors and police were searching for any evidence that would establish the possible use of the firm for "illicit activities."

The officers converged on company headquarters late Tuesday to search the offices for evidence supporting the charges. Meanwhile the law firm posted on its Twitter feed that it "continues to cooperate with authorities" in the investigations.

The so-called "Panama Papers," leaked online more than a week ago, featured records from Mossack Fonseca that indicated it had set up offshore tax havens for a number of wealthy international clients.

Company founder Ramon Fonseca has said that the company has broken no laws and destroyed no documents.

The clients include Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko, friends of Russian President Vladimir Putin; and relatives of British Prime Minister David Cameron, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif; and China's President Xi Jinping.