克林顿突发肺炎后准备重返总统竞选活动

希拉里·克林顿计划周四重返竞选活动。上周日，她突然离开纽约市的“九一一”周年纪念活动，她的竞选班子最初说，她是因为体温过热才离开的，之后又解释为是由上周五诊断出的肺炎所致。

上传到网上的一段视频显示，克林顿支撑着站在一个街道的护栏旁，然后在特工人员以及助手的帮助下进入了一辆等候的车子。

她的竞选班子在一份声明中说，克林顿星期四将到北卡罗来纳州的格林斯伯勒，“讨论她对共同建立一个更强大的美国的憧憬。”

在克林顿继续养病的同时，令其振奋的是，她得到了美国第一号民主党人，她曾经的上司－奥巴马总统的支持。

奥巴马星期二在费城对欢呼的支持者们说：“我坚持要选举克林顿为总统。”奥巴马在谈到他的前国务卿时说，我亲眼目睹她是多么聪明、精干和坚强。我有四年是坐在前排的座位（观看这些的）。”

奥巴马在嘲讽共和党总统候选人川普时说，他“无论在哪方面都不适合在国外代表这个国家，并成为我们的三军总司令。”

奥巴马还把川普对普京的称赞贬抑为“他（普京）是一个强大的领袖，因为他侵略弱小的国家，关押异己，控制媒体，使俄罗斯经济陷入长期萧条之中。”

川普在推特上对奥巴马进行了反击，指责奥巴马允许俄罗斯入侵克里米亚。他说：“俄罗斯是在所谓的奥巴马执政期间侵占克里米亚的。谁不知道这一点，为什么奥巴马就可以为所欲为呢？”

最新民调显示，克林顿和川普之间的竞争日益激烈，克林顿目前超过川普3到4个百分点。

Clinton to Resume Campaigning After Bout With Pneumonia

Hillary Clinton plans to return to the campaign trail Thursday after abruptly leaving a 9/11 memorial event in New York City Sunday, which her campaign at first said was due to overheating but later attributed to a pneumonia diagnosis she received Friday.

A video of the incident posted online shows Clinton propping herself up on a street bollard before stumbling into a waiting van with the help of Secret Service agents and her aides.

In a statement, her campaign said Clinton will be in Greensboro, North Carolina, Thursday to "discuss her vision for an America that is stronger together."

While Clinton continued to recuperate, she got a rousing endorsement from the country's number one Democrat and her former boss -- President Barack Obama.

"I am really into electing Hillary Clinton," Obama told cheering supporters in Philadelphia Tuesday. "I have seen how smart and savvy and tough she is. I had a front row seat for four years," Obama said of his former secretary of state.

Obama mocked Republican candidate Donald Trump, saying he "is not in any way, shape or form fit to represent this county abroad and be our commander-in-chief."

He belittled Trump's praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin as "a strong leader, because he invades smaller countries, jails his opponents, controls the press and drives his economy into a long recession."

Trump fired back at Obama on Twitter, accusing the president of allowing Russia to invade Crimea. "Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years," Trump said. "Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?"

The latest polls show the race between Clinton and Trump tightening, with Clinton holding a 3- to 4-point lead.

奥巴马计划在2017年接纳更多难民

美国总统奥巴马计划在2017财年将美国接纳的难民人数增加为11万。这比他原先计划的人数多1万人，也比今年增加30%。

据媒体报导，美国国务卿克里星期二在众议院和参议院司法委员会的闭门会议上宣布了这项新的安置目标。

美国上一次定下像奥巴马设定的这么高的安置目标是在1995年比尔·克林顿担任总统期间。当时他同意接纳11万2000名难民。美国在2015财年只接纳了7万难民。

据美国政治新闻网报道，奥巴马政府希望在明年接纳“人数明显增多的”叙利亚难民。

奥巴马下周出席联合国大会关于难民问题的峰会前，可能会正式宣布这项难民安置计划。

Obama Wants Large Refugee Intake Increase in 2017

President Barack Obama has set a goal to admit 110,000 refugees into the United States during the 2017 fiscal year, which is about 10,000 more than his initial goal and about 30 percent higher than this year.

Secretary of State John Kerry announced the new resettlement goal during a closed session with members of the House and Senate judiciary committees Tuesday, according to media reports.

The last time the U.S. set a resettlement goal as high as Obama’s was during Bill Clinton’s presidency in 1995, when Clinton agreed to accept 112,000 refugees. During the 2015 fiscal year, the U.S. admitted just 70,000 refugees.

The report, which was obtained by Politico, said the Obama administration wants to admit a “significantly higher” number of refugees from Syria next year.

Obama will likely formally announce the refugee plan before he attends a summit on refugees during next week’s General Assembly meeting at the United Nations.