救援组织：摩苏尔100多万人处境危急

星期三，恶劣的天气使向伊斯兰国组织控制的摩苏尔城推进的部队放慢了速度。与此同时，一个救援机构警告说，随着攻城战斗的加剧，那里平民的处境将十分危急。

挪威难民事务委员会的沃尔夫冈·格雷斯曼说：“我们正在准备应对最糟糕的情况。”他说：“那里有120万平民处境十分危急，这涉及到整个伊拉克的未来。”

挪威难民事务委员会说，成千上万平民逃离了这座城市，还有许多人被狙击手射杀或被炸死。仍在摩苏尔城里的平民急需食品、水和医疗用品，上述必需品的短缺情况将日益严重，因为战斗会使生活必需品等人道救援物资的运送更加困难。

伊拉克特种部队星期二已经抵近摩苏尔城市郊，收复伊拉克第二大城市的战斗在两个星期前打响。这座城市被伊斯兰国组织占领已经两年多。

一名伊拉克将军说，伊拉克军队星期二占领了一座电视台，接着当地刮起沙尘暴，导致当天的战斗行动中断。

星期三，伊军控制着摩苏尔东部地带的阵地，当天空气中的湿度非常大，云层密集，限制了无人机等飞行器的能见度。

美联社报道，伊拉克准将海德尔·法迪勒表示，由于天气原因，星期三没有进攻的计划。

Aid Group: Over 1 Million in Mosul Face 'Grave Danger'

On Wednesday, as poor weather bogged down forces advancing on the Islamic State-held city of Mosul, an aid agency warned that civilians there are in great danger as the battle for the city intensifies.

"We are now bracing ourselves for the worst," said the Norwegian Refugee Council's Wolfgang Gressmann. "The lives of 1.2 million civilians are in grave danger, and the future of all of Iraq is now in the balance."

The group said thousands of civilians have already fled the city, and many have already been killed by snipers and explosives. Those still in the city are in need of food, water and medical supplies, and those shortages will intensify as the fighting makes it more difficult for supplies and other humanitarian aid to get through.

Iraqi special forces reached the outskirts of the city Tuesday, two weeks after the offensive to retake Iraq's second largest city began, and more than two years after Mosul was captured by the Islamic State group.

An Iraqi general said troops captured a television station Tuesday before a sandstorm blew in and ended combat operations for the day.

On Wednesday, troops were holding their positions on the city's eastern border as high humidity and clouds limited visibility for drones and other aircraft.

Iraqi Brig. General Haider Fadhil says no advances are planned for Wednesday due to the weather, the Associated Press reported.

报告：马航MH370坠海时无人控制

卫星数据分析显示，马来西亚航空公司MH370航班2014年3月坠入印度洋时处于无人控制状态。

澳大利亚交通安全局（ATSB）星期三公布了调查报告。有关专家在悉尼开会商讨未来继续寻找飞机的可行方案。MH370失联时，机上有239人。

报告称，飞机的卫星联络数据符合飞机失联前“高速并持续增速下降”的特征。澳大利亚调查人员认为，飞机在燃油耗尽并坠海前可能以自动驾驶模式飞行了一段时间。这个航班失踪时正在从吉隆坡飞往北京。

在飞机失联至今两年半的时间里，尽管一些来自这架波音777飞机的残骸曾在印度洋沿线被冲上岸，但失事的地点至今未被找到。

现有的残骸之一是在坦桑尼亚被冲上岸的一块襟翼，似乎证实飞机在坠海前无人控制。

调查人员表示，这块襟翼从机翼上脱落时可能并未展开。如果飞行员曾试图人为引导飞机紧急降落的话，襟翼通常会是打开的。

搜寻队目前仍在12万平方公里的海面上进行搜寻，但搜寻行动预计2017年初结束。搜寻队官员表示，除非有新证据显示具体的坠机地点，否则他们将结束对MH370的搜寻。

Report: No One at Controls When MH370 Crashed

An analysis of satellite data suggests no one was flying Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 when it plunged into the Indian Ocean in March 2014.

The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released the report Wednesday as experts gathered in Sydney to assess possible future searches for the plane, which vanished with 239 people aboard.

Satellite communications from the aircraft are consistent with the aircraft being in a "high and increasing rate of descent" before it disappeared, the report said. The Australian investigators believe the plane likely flew on autopilot for a time before running out of fuel and crashing into the ocean. The flight was en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing when it went missing.

While a few pieces from the plane washed up on shores around the Indian Ocean in the two and a half years since it disappeared, the crash site of the Boeing 777 has not been located.

One of those pieces – a wing flap found on a shore in Tanzania – seemed to confirm the theory that no one was at the controls of the plane in its final moments.

Investigators say the flap does not appear to have been deployed when it broke off the plane's wing. Had a pilot been trying to bring the plane in for a controlled ditching, the flaps would typically have been extended.

Crews continue to scour a 120,000-square kilometer search area, however, that effort is expected to be completed in early 2017. Unless there is new evidence indicating a specific location for the crash, officials say they will end the hunt for MH370.