美国不能再以需求为由进口奴役劳工产品

过去84年来，美国法律的一项豁免条款规定，只要是美国市场供不应求，就允许进口奴役劳工生产的产品，包括童工生产的产品。两周以后，这种做法将不再合法。

美国总统奥巴马星期三签署了一项贸易法案，其中一个条款堵住了这一法律漏洞，而这一法律漏洞可以追溯到1932年。

1930年通过的关税法案禁止进口奴役劳工产品，但同时又规定，这一禁令不适用于在美国市场上生产量不足以满足消费者需求的产品。

人权组织大声呼吁关注劳工受虐的情况，特别是在东南亚地区的捕鱼行业，因此才于去年催生了这部新法案。

联合国国际劳工组织估计，世界上有2100万人被强制劳动，其中半数以上在亚太地区。联合国说，奴役劳工为企业创造了1500多亿美元的非法利润。

Demand No Longer Justifies U.S. Imports of Slave Labor Goods

For the past 84 years, an exemption in U.S. law allowed the import of goods produced by slaves and others forced into labor, including children, as long as demand exceeded supply. In two weeks, that will be illegal.

President Barack Obama signed a trade bill Wednesday that includes a provision closing a loophole in a law that went into effect in 1932.

That measure, the Tariff Act of 1930, did prohibit slave labor imports, but said the ban did not apply to any goods that were not otherwise produced in large enough quantities to "meet the consumptive demands of the United States."

The new bill was introduced last year as rights groups called attention to abusive labor practices, particularly in the fishing industry in Southeast Asia.

The U.N.'s International Labor Organization estimates 21 million people are victims of forced labor worldwide, more than half of them in the Asia-Pacific region. That labor brings companies more than $150 billion in illegal profits, according to the U.N.

外交官们继续推动叙利亚停火

联合国的外交官们正在审议一项安理会决议案，支持美国和俄罗斯斡旋的叙利亚停火。美国国务卿克里说，这是“让我们结束这场战争的唯一途径”。

叙利亚交战各方要在星期五中午前确认是否参与停火。12小时过后，停火开始生效。

美国和俄罗斯官员星期四就实施停火进一步进行磋商。俄罗斯副外长博格达诺夫重申，俄罗斯不会讨论停火计划以外的任何选项。

叙利亚政府表示将参与停火，但将继续打击伊斯兰国组织以及同基地组织有联系的恐怖分子。停火协议不包含这些激进组织。

叙利亚主要反对派--高级谈判委员会星期三对停火表示谨慎支持，声称将参与停火两周，以确定对方的诚意。

Diplomats Further Push for Syria Cease-Fire

U.N. diplomats are considering a Security Council resolution endorsing a U.S. and Russian backed cease-fire in Syria, which U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says is "the one way that we can end this war."

Syria's warring parties have until midday Friday to say if they are participating in the cessation of hostilities that is due to begin 12 hours later.

U.S. and Russian officials are holding further discussions Thursday on implementing the cease-fire, and Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov reiterated that Russia is not discussing any alternatives to the plan.

The Syrian government has said it will take part, but will continue attacking Islamic State and al-Qaida-linked terrorists, which are excluded from the cease-fire.

The main opposition High Committee for Negotiations (HNC) gave a reserved endorsement for the cease-fire on Wednesday, saying it will participate for two weeks to determine the commitment of the other side.