奥巴马总统将向民众解释枪控新措施

美国总统奥巴马星期二将在白宫讨论有关遏制枪支暴力的新计划，努力向美国民众详细阐述他将颁布的控枪行政令。他表示，控枪令不会侵犯宪法所赋予的权利。

白宫星期一宣布的一些措施包括扩大对购枪者的背景调查，提高枪支管理法规的有效执行，加强精神疾病治疗，以及扩大对枪支安全技术的研究。

奥巴马星期一在白宫召开的会议上，与美国司法部长林奇和联邦调查局局长科米等政府高层官员提出了相关建议。

他说：“尽管我们必须明确，这些举措不会解决这个国家的所有暴力犯罪问题，不会阻止一切大规模枪杀事件，也不会阻止任何枪支落入罪犯的手中，但是这些措施有可能拯救美国人的生命，使很多家庭免遭因为枪支落入坏人之手而带来的痛苦及巨大损失。”

这个计划中的一个关键部分是要求任何销售枪支的商主，包括枪支展销会，都必须获得执照并对购枪者进行背景调查。

最新民调显示，支持对购枪者进行背景调查的美国人有所增加。但是，许多有枪的人却觉得，任何对枪支的管控都违反宪法赋予他们拥有枪支的权利。

共和党控制的国会反对加强限制枪支拥有权，奥巴马总统计划采取的任何行动都可能面临法律挑战。

奥巴马总统表示，美国每年都有数以万计的人死于枪击，包括大规模枪击事件和自杀，这个比率远远超过世界其他国家。

President Obama will explain new gun control measures

U.S. President Barack Obama will discuss his new initiatives to curb gun violence in remarks Tuesday at the White House, as he works to detail to Americans the executive orders he says will not step on Constitutional rights.

Some of the measures, first announced by the White House on Monday, include expanded background checks, more effective enforcement of gun laws, increased mental health treatment and more research into gun safety technology.

Obama presented the recommendations, discussed during a White House meeting Monday, with top officials including U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch and FBI Director James Comey.

"Although we have to be very clear that this is not going to solve every violent crime in this country. It's not going to prevent every mass shooting. It's not going to keep every gun out of the hands of a criminal. It will potentially save lives in this country, and spare families the pain and the extraordinary loss that they've suffered as a consequence of a firearm being in the hands of the wrong people."

One key element of the plan includes requiring any business selling firearms, including at gun shows, to get a license and conduct background checks.

Recent polls show an increase in the number of Americans who support background checks on those seeking to purchase a firearm. But many gun owners in the country feel that any attempt to regulate firearms violates their constitutional right to own guns.

The Republican-led Congress opposes more restrictions on gun ownership, and any actions planned by the president likely will face legal challenges.

Each year, tens of thousands of people are killed by guns in the United States, including in mass shootings and suicides, committed at far greater rates than in other countries around the world, said the president.

科威特支持沙特 召回驻伊朗大使

科威特加入其他沙特阿拉伯的盟友，对伊朗采取外交行动。此前，沙特阿拉伯处决著名什叶派穆斯林教士后，愤怒的抗议者冲击了沙特驻伊朗大使馆。

科威特国家媒体科威特新闻社星期二称，科威特召回了驻伊朗大使，并重申其支持沙特采取的一切维护自身安全的措施。

此前，沙特、巴林和苏丹都断绝了同伊朗的外交联系，阿联酋也把与伊朗的外交关系降格。这四个国家都是阿拉伯国家联盟的成员。阿拉伯国家联盟定于星期天召开特别会议，讨论沙特阿拉伯与伊朗关系的局势发展。

伊朗总统鲁哈尼继续谴责沙特阿拉伯断绝外交关系的决定，称这不能掩盖其处决尼姆尔的“罪行”。1月2日，沙特政府宣布处决了尼姆尔以及其他46名被指控有恐怖罪名的囚犯。尼姆尔经常公开批评沙特王室。

联合国安理会星期一发表声明，谴责伊朗抗议者对沙特阿拉伯大使馆的冲击，呼吁伊朗履行保护外交设施的国际义务，并呼吁各方“保持对话、采取措施缓解该地区的紧张局势。”

Kuwait Backs Saudi Arabia, Recalls Ambassador to Iran

Kuwait joined other Saudi allies in taking diplomatic action against Iran after protesters angry about Saudi Arabia's execution of a prominent Shi'ite cleric stormed the country's embassy in the Iranian capital.

The state-run KUNA news agency said Tuesday Kuwait recalled its ambassador to Tehran and reiterated its support for all measures Saudi Arabia takes to maintain its security.

The move follows decisions by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Sudan to cut diplomatic ties with Iran, while the United Arab Emirates downgraded its relations with the country. All four nations are members of the Arab League, which is due to hold a special meeting Sunday to discuss the Saudi-Iran developments.

Iranian President Hassan Rouhani continued criticism of Saudi Arabia's decision to sever ties, saying that cannot cover up its "crime" of executing Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr. The Saudi government announced his execution on January 2, along with 46 other prisoners on terrorism related charges. Nimr was an outspoken critic of the Saudi monarchy.

The United Nations Security Council issued a statement Monday condemning the attack on the Saudi embassy. It called on Iran to respect its international obligations to protect diplomatic property and urged all parties to "maintain dialogue and take steps to reduce tensions in the region."