川普后悔自己在竞选活动中“用词不当”

星期四，共和党总统候选人川普罕见地公开承认，他“后悔”让一些犀利和侮辱性言辞成为他竞选活动的标志。

他在北卡罗来纳州的夏洛特对支持者们说：“有时在就众多问题的辩论和演讲进行到白热化程度时，你就顾不上选择恰当的用词了，无论你们信不信，我很后悔，特别是它有可能已经给人造成了痛苦。”

不过，几分钟后，川普又故态复萌，他称奥巴马是一个“骗子”，因为奥巴马否认最近支付給伊朗的4亿美元现金是解救人质的赎金。

他还指责希拉里·克林顿是一个“偏执的人”，因为他说，她只把非洲裔美国人当作选票看待，并且漠视他们应得的机会。

川普直接向黑人选民发出呼吁说，民主党政府和自由派政策辜负了他们。他承诺一旦自己当选，黑人将看到“令人惊叹的结果”。

川普问他们：“你们尝试新的事，有什么怕失去的吗？”

自从1930年代经济大萧条以来，黑人一贯投票支持民主党。之前的几十年间，他们一直支持共和党候选人。

Trump 'Regrets' Not Using 'Right Words' During Campaign
In a rare public confession Thursday, Republican presidential candidate Trump said he "regrets" some of the sharp tongued and insulting rhetoric that have become his trademark during the campaign.

"Sometimes in the heat of debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don't choose the right words...and believe it or not, I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain," he told supporters in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Moments later, the familiar Trump returned when he called President Barack Obama a "liar" by denying that the recent $400 million payment to Iran was ransom for hostages.

He also accused Hillary Clinton of being a "bigot" because he says she sees African Americans only as votes and disregards the opportunities they deserve.

Trump directly appealed to black voters, saying Democratic administrations and liberal policies have failed them. He promised blacks "amazing results" if he is elected.

"What have you got to lose by trying something new?" Trump asked.

Blacks traditionally have voted for Democrats since the Great Depression of the 1930s, after decades of backing Republican candidates.

叙利亚空袭中受伤男孩照片抓住人心

一张血淋淋的男孩子的照片通过传统和社交媒体传播开后，引发了全世界的关注。这个男孩子在叙利亚阿勒颇市遭到摧毁性空袭时受伤。

照片是叙利亚反对派活动人士发布的。这个小男孩坐在一辆救护车的橘色椅子上，满脸鲜血和污泥，看上去茫然若失，精疲力尽。

阿勒颇医生阿布·阿尔伊兹星期四确认这个男孩是5岁的奥姆兰·达格尼诗，并证实达格尼诗星期三晚上因头部受伤被送入名为“M10”的医院接受治疗，之后出院。

他是在反政府武装控制的卡特吉社区遭受空袭时受伤的。M10医院的一名医生说，有8人在空袭中丧生，其中包括5名儿童。

空袭后不久，救援人员和记者开始把受害人从废墟中拉出来。救援人员当中有摄影记者拉斯兰，就是他拍下了这张捕捉叙利亚战争之残酷的标志性照片。

拉斯兰说，这个男孩子和他的父母以及三个兄弟姐妹都从被部分摧毁的公寓楼中救出，一家人都没有受重伤。但是，公寓楼在他们被救出后不久就倒塌了。

与此同时，俄罗斯表示，愿意支持阿勒颇市的48小时停火，以便让救援物资进入那里。

联合国叙利亚问题特使德米斯图拉表达了对持续暴力的失望，暴力使人道救援物资无法送达叙利亚很多被围困地区需要帮助的人们手中。

周四，他缩短了联合国援助运送工作小组在日内瓦的每周会议。他说，该小组将在下周复会。他希望届时小组讨论的是具体行动，而不是“愿望和承诺。”

Iconic Photo of Boy Injured in Syrian Airstrike Captures the Attention of the World
A haunting photograph of a bloodied young boy injured in a devastating airstrike in the Syrian city of Aleppo has captured the attention of people around the world as it circulates through traditional and social media channels.

Syrian opposition activists released a photo of a boy, looking stunned and exhausted as he sat in an orange chair of an ambulance with his face covered with blood and dust.

A physician in Aleppo, Osama Abu al-Ezz, identified the boy Thursday as 5-year-old Omran Dagneesh. He confirmed the boy was taken to a hospital known as "M10" Wednesday night and treated for head wounds before being discharged.

The boy was injured after an airstrike on the rebel-held neighborhood of Qaterji. A doctor at M10 said that eight people were killed in the airstrike, including five children.

Shortly after the strike, rescue workers and journalists began pulling victims from the debris. Among the rescuers was photojournalist Mahmoud Raslan, who took the iconic photo that captured the barbarity of the war in Syria.

Raslan said the boy, his parents and his three siblings were rescued from the rubble of their partially destroyed apartment building. He said none of the family members sustained major injuries but the apartment building collapsed shortly after they were rescued.

Meanwhile, Russia has indicated that it is ready to support a 48-hour cease-fire in Aleppo in order to allow aid deliveries.

The U.N. envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has expressed frustration at the continuing violence preventing the delivery of humanitarian aid to those in need of help in the country's many besieged areas.

He cut short a weekly meeting of the U.N. aid delivery task force Thursday in Geneva and said the group would reconvene next week with what he hoped would be discussion of action instead of "wishes or promises."