美国谴责专制政权侵犯人权

美国星期三谴责世界上的专制政权用越来越严厉和邪恶的手段，压制本国人民可能威胁其权力的任何活动。

主管民主、人权和劳工事务的助理国务卿马里诺斯基对美国之音说，这份人权报告提供的信息可用做决定是否为外国军队提供安全援助的基础。

美国国务院在第40个年度人权报告中说：“2015年，全球独裁国家对公民社会的压制在强化，他们对独立的声音采取消声，削弱政治对话，并关闭和平变革的途径。”

美国国务院点名对一些国家的政府提出批评，其中包括朝鲜、古巴、中国、伊朗、苏丹和乌兹别克斯坦等所谓“拥有长久历史的独裁政权”。这份报告也对伊斯兰国恐怖分子对平民的野蛮攻击提出了谴责。

US Accuses Authoritarian Regimes of Human Rights Abuses

The U.S. accused authoritarian regimes around the world Wednesday of suppressing their people with "increasing vigor and viciousness" to control any activities that might threaten their power.

Tom Malinowski, an Assistant Secretary of State for democracy, human rights and labor affairs, told VOA information published in the report can be used as a basis to make decisions on security assistance to foreign militaries.

In its 40th annual human rights report, the U.S. State Department said, "In 2015, this global crackdown by authoritarian states on civil society deepened, silencing independent voices, impoverishing political discourse, and closing avenues for peaceful change."

The State Department singled out numerous governments for criticism, including what it described as "historically authoritarian regimes" in North Korea, Cuba, China, Iran, Sudan and Uzbekistan. The report also denounced Islamic State terrorists for their brutal attacks on civilians.

俄攻击机飞越美驱逐舰

俄罗斯军机本周两天近距离飞越波罗的海的一艘美国驱逐舰并进行模拟攻击飞行，美国对此表示关注。

美国说，两架俄罗斯攻击机在位于国际水域的美国驱逐舰唐纳德·库克号附近进行了约20次飞越。

白宫发言人欧内斯特说：“过去一年屡次发生这类事件，俄罗斯军方，包括俄罗斯军机，在行动中相隔距离过近，或在空中和海上过于靠近其它国家的海空运输，引发严重的安全问题，我们继续对这种行为表示关注。”

飞越事件发生时，唐纳德·库克号刚刚结束对波兰港口格丁尼亚的访问后驶离，当时船上停有一架波兰直升机。

北约一直被要求在波罗的海国家长期部署营级编制部队。莫斯科否认有任何攻击波罗的海国家的意图。

Russian Fighter Jets Flew Over U.S. Destroyer

The U.S. expressed concern over Russian military aircraft flying apparent simulated attack passes near a U.S. destroyer in the Baltic Sea over the course of two days this week.

The U.S. says two Russian attack aircraft flew around 20 passes near the USS Donald Cook while the ship was in international waters.

"There have been repeated incidents over the last year where the Russian military, including Russian military aircraft, have come close enough to each other - or have come close enough to other air and sea traffic - to raise serious safety concerns. And we continue to be concerned about this behavior," White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.

The Donald Cook had just come from a port visit in Gdynia, Poland, when the flyovers occurred. It was headed out to sea with a Polish helicopter on board.

NATO has been asked to provide a permanent presence of battalion-sized deployments of allied troops in the Baltic States. Moscow denies any intention to attack the Baltic states.