世界新闻自由日

一位乌兹别克斯坦记者自1999年以来一直遭受监禁。一位苏丹主编因批评官方政策被捕。美国在纪念世界新闻自由日之际，强调指出类似新闻记者们的困难处境。

5月3日是世界新闻自由日，美国国务院敦促外界关注记者遭受的关押和人权践踏，包括新闻检查、袭击、威胁、囚禁以及其他压制手段，而记者的处境一直没有得到改善。

保护记者委员会说，乌兹别克斯坦记者贝克亚诺夫是世界上被监禁时间最长的记者之一。贝克亚诺夫是乌兹别克斯坦一家被取缔的报纸的编辑。保护记者委员会说，贝克亚诺夫因捏造的罪名，已被乌兹别克斯坦当局关押了十年以上。

有关当局认为，贝克亚诺夫的健康状况急剧恶化，目前急需治疗。

负责民主、人权和劳工事务的美国助理国务卿马里诺斯基对美国之音说，去年世界各地有70多位记者在工作时被杀害，还有近200位记者被监禁。

马里诺斯基说，在叙利亚、也门、布隆迪、土耳其和利比亚等地，记者的处境尤其危险。

World Press Freedom Day

A journalist jailed in Uzbekistan since 1999. A Sudanese editor-in-chief arrested after she criticized official policies. Both are among the journalists whose plights are spotlighted by the U.S. for World Press Freedom Day.

The State Department is marking World Press Freedom Day, May 3, by drawing attention to the ongoing detentions and alleged human rights abuses against journalists that it has previously identified as being "censored, attacked, threatened, imprisoned, or otherwise oppressed because of their reporting" and whose situations have not yet improved.

Among those featured is Muhammad Bekjanov, one of world’s longest-imprisoned journalists, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.

The group said Bekjanov, the editor of a now defunct opposition newspaper, has been jailed by Uzbek authorities for over a decade on “trumped up charges.”

Authorities believe his health has severely deteriorated and that he is in urgent need of medical care.

Tom Malinowski, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights and Labor told VOA that more than 70 journalists were killed around the world, last year, while “doing their jobs,” and nearly 200 were imprisoned.

He cited Syria, Yemen, Burundi, Turkey and Libya as examples of places that are especially dangerous for the press now.

美国判处Gozi病毒制作者

近10年前，电脑安全专家发现了一种新型恶意软件，可使美国和欧洲的100多万台电脑受到感染，造成的损失高达数千万美元。

星期一，美国一家联邦法院对俄罗斯公民库兹敏进行宣判，他的罪名包括阴谋，银行欺诈、创造Gozi软件入侵电脑并把这种软件卖给黑客，使他们得以盗取银行账户中的存款。

检察官说，库兹敏犯罪完全是出于贪婪，并促成了一种新型网络犯罪，而这种犯罪近年来变得更加猖獗。

检察人员说，电脑安全专家确认，5200多人的一万个账户被入侵，涉及数百家公司账户的登录信息。被感染的电脑里也包括美国航空航天局的数百台电脑。

库兹敏说，他没有参与盗取银行账户信息，而是靠出租Gozi软件，然后从赃款中提成。法庭文件显示，估计库兹敏通过这种方式获利至少25万美元。

法庭宣布，库兹敏被关押的37个月就是他的刑期，他还被罚款690万美元，相当于两家美国银行和一家欧洲银行受到的损失。

US Sentences Gozi Virus’s Creator

Nearly a decade ago, computer security experts found a new kind of malicious software that would eventually infect more than 1 million computers in the United States and Europe and cause tens of millions of dollars in damages.

On Monday, a U.S. federal court sentenced Russian national Nikita Kuzmin on charges of conspiracy, bank fraud and computer intrusion for creating the software, named Gozi, and selling it to hackers who used it to steal money from bank accounts.

Prosecutors said Kuzmin "committed this crime purely out of greed" and helped pioneer a new kind of cybercrime that has become more prevalent in recent years.

Prosecutors said security experts identified 10,000 account records from more than 5,200 people, which included login information for accounts with hundreds of companies. The infected computers included hundreds at the U.S. space agency NASA.

Kuzmin said he did not partake in stealing bank account information himself. He made money by renting use of Gozi to others and by collecting a portion of whatever they later stole with it. According to court documents, Kuzmin estimated he made at least $250,000.

The court said Kuzmin's punishment is the 37 months he has already spent in prison, as well as paying $6.9 million that authorities have identified as the losses incurred by two banks in the U.S. and one in Europe.