白宫承诺2.2亿美元支持乌克兰

美国副总统拜登星期三会见乌克兰总理格罗斯曼时表示，白宫计划为乌克兰提供2亿2千万美元，用以支持其经济、政治和能源改革。

拜登还对乌克兰东部分离分子在俄罗斯支持下的崛起表示严重关注，并敦促乌克兰彻底实施明斯克协议。签订该停火协议是为了结束乌克兰政府与东部亲俄反叛力量之间的战斗。

拜登还向格罗斯曼保证，在俄罗斯完全履行明斯克协议之前，不会取消对俄罗斯的制裁。

自俄罗斯并吞乌克兰的克里米亚以来，美国和欧盟已对俄罗斯实施了几轮制裁，包括冻结资产、旅行限制以及其它惩罚措施。

White House to Commit $220 million to Supporting Ukraine

The White House plans to commit $220 million to Ukraine in support of economic, political, and energy reforms, Vice President Biden said in a meeting with Ukraine's Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman Wednesday.

The Vice President also expressed deep concern about the rise of separatists in Eastern Ukraine, supported by Russia, urging Ukraine to fully implement the Minsk agreements, a cease-fire accord designed to end fighting between Ukraine’s government and the country’s pro-Russian rebels in the east.

Biden also assured Groysman that sanctions against Russia would not be lifted until it fully implemented the accord.

Since Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine, the U.S. and EU have imposed several rounds of asset freezes, travel bans and other penalties on Russia.

东京股市下跌，美元走低

日本中央银行决定维持货币政策不变，使股市和美元受到冲击。

股市收盘后，日本中央银行总裁黑田东彦对记者说，日本经济小幅上升是基本走势。

尽管日本央行维持现状早在意料之中，日元汇率仍大幅上升。投资者对美国经济状况和英国下周四公投越来越可能退出欧盟的前景感到不安，使日元成为一个安全的避风港。

星期四，日元在亚洲市场对美元的汇率提高了1%以上。在星期四傍晚的交易中，美元对日元的汇率降至1比103，这是2014年以来的最低点。

日本政府发言人在东京表示，日元升值过快，具有风险，并表示政府官员正在密切关注货币市场的动向。

Stocks and US Dollar Dive in Tokyo Trading

Stocks and the dollar took a hammering in Tokyo Thursday after Japan's central bankers kept monetary policy steady.

"Japan's economy is likely to expand moderately as a trend," the central bank's governor, Harukiko Kuroda, told reporters following the market close.

Although the Bank of Japan (BOJ) inaction was widely expected it still sent the Japanese currency soaring. The yen has recently emerged as a safe haven for jittery investors amid concern about the U.S. economy and the increasing chances of a British exit from the European Union in the referendum next Thursday.

The yen rose more than one percent against the U.S. dollar in Asia trading Thursday. In late afternoon trading in Asia the greenback fell into the 103 yen range, a level not seen since 2014.

A government spokesman in Tokyo characterized the yen's rise as too rapid and speculative and said officials are keeping a close watch on the currency market.