土耳其当局拘留在支持库尔德人请愿书上签字的学术界人士

土耳其当局拘留了至少12名学术界人士。他们签署了一份呼吁政府停止镇压库尔德反政府武装人员的请愿书，因此被控支持“恐怖主义宣传”。

土耳其官方的阿纳多卢通讯社说，这些人任职于伊斯坦布尔附近的科卡埃利大学，星期五清晨当局突袭了他们的住宅，并将他们拘留。报道还说，当局还将拘留其他9人。

这份请愿书共有1200多位学术界人士签字，指责土耳其当局蓄意屠杀和驱逐东南部的库尔德人。请愿书还呼吁当局立即结束宵禁，恢复与库尔德工人党的和谈进程。

Turkey Detains Academics Who Signed Pro-Kurdish Petition

Turkish authorities have detained at least 12 academics accused of supporting "terror propaganda" after they signed a petition calling for an end to the government's crackdown on Kurdish rebels.

The state-run Anadolu news agency said the academics from Kocaeli University near Istanbul were detained during raids at their homes early Friday, adding nine others are set to also be taken in.

The detainees are among more than 1,200 academics who have signed a statement condemning Turkey's "deliberate massacres and deportation" of Kurdish people in the southeast of the country. The petition also called for an immediate end to the use of curfews and the resumption of the peace process with the PKK Kurdish rebel group.

喜剧演员就任危地马拉总统

没有任何政治经历的前电视喜剧演员吉米·莫拉莱斯宣誓就任危地马拉总统。

莫拉莱斯在去年10月举行的总统选举中轻松获胜，前一任危地马拉总统因腐败丑闻而被迫下台，选民对政界集团感到愤怒。

针对一起海关巨额诈骗案的调查导致佩雷斯总统下台后，莫拉莱斯在竞选中凸显自己政界局外人的身份，并承诺建立一个廉洁政府，他的民调支持率急速上升。

美国副总统拜登星期四与几位拉丁美洲国家的总统出席了莫拉莱斯的就职典礼。

莫拉莱斯吁请拜登把危地马拉列入享有暂时保护地位的国家名单，以使目前在美国的危地马拉公民暂时免遭驱逐，并获准在美国工作和旅行。

Comedian Becomes Guatemala's President

A former television comedian with no political experience has been sworn in as Guatemala's president.

Jimmy Morales easily won the country's top office in October after a corruption scandal toppled the country's last leader and fueled voter outrage with the political establishment.

Playing up his outsider status and promising clean government, Morales surged in opinion polls after a probe into a multi-million dollar customs racket that forced President Otto Perez out of office.

U.S. Vice President Joe Biden attended the inauguration of Morales Thursday along with several Latin American presidents.

Morales asked Biden to add Guatemala to the list of countries granted temporary protected status, providing its eligible citizens in the U.S. temporary protection from deportation and allowing them to work and travel.