丹麦一居民寨卡病毒检查结果呈阳性

丹麦卫生官员星期三说，曾前往中南美洲的1名丹麦居民寨卡病毒检查结果呈阳性。

世界卫生组织说，这种由蚊子叮咬传播的病毒可能与巴西至少4千起疑似畸形小头病例有关，这种病会导致新生儿头部小于常规，并可能影响大脑发育。

目前还没有治疗寨卡病毒感染的办法。这种病毒在巴西以及其他至少20个美洲国家和地区的蔓延，促使公共卫生机构针对这一事态发出警告。

萨尔瓦多和哥伦比亚的卫生当局建议妇女推迟怀孕。在巴西，20万军人奉命前往各家各户，散发有关灭蚊方法的传单。

Denmark Resident Tests Positive for Zika Virus

Health officials in Denmark said Wednesday a resident who had traveled to South and Central American has tested positive for the Zika virus.

According to the World Health Organization, the mosquito-borne virus could be linked to 4,000 suspected cases of microcephaly in Brazil, a condition that results in abnormally small heads in newborns and can affect brain development.

There is no treatment or cure for Zika virus infections, and an outbreak in Brazil and at least 20 other countries and territories in the Americas has prompted public health warnings.

Authorities in El Salvador and Colombia have recommended women postpone getting pregnant. In Brazil, 200,000 troops are traveling to homes to distribute pamphlets with advice on mosquito eradication.

联邦调查局逮捕俄勒冈州占领公地领袖，造成一人死亡

美国联邦调查局逮捕了占领西北部俄勒冈州一个野生动物保护区近一个月的组织头领。

该组织头领邦迪和其他几人星期二离开野生动物保护区，据报道，他们是在乘车前往一个社区会议发表演讲的途中被有关当局拦下的。

联邦调查局发表声明说，这次是联邦调查局和俄勒冈州警方的联合行动，行动中发生枪击，一名嫌疑人死亡，另一人受伤。

邦迪、他的弟弟瑞恩以及加瓦利尔、考克斯和佩恩被逮捕。在其他行动中，有关当局还逮捕了桑迪里和奥肖纳西。他们被控犯有以武力、恐吓及威胁手段阻碍当局执行公务的重罪。

One Dead as FBI Arrests Oregon Standoff Leaders

The Federal Bureau of Investigation has arrested the leaders of a group that occupied a wildlife refuge in the northwestern U.S. state of Oregon for nearly a month.

Leader Ammon Bundy and several others left the refuge Tuesday and were reportedly driving to speak at a community meeting when authorities stopped their car.

An FBI statement said shots were fired during the joint operation with state police, leaving one suspect dead and another wounded.

Bundy and his brother Ryan were arrested along with Brian Cavalier, Shawna Cox and Ryan Waylen Payne. In separate arrests, authorities also took Peter Santilli and Joseph Donald O'Shaughnessy into custody.

They are all charged with felonies of conspiracy to impede U.S. officers from discharging their official duties through force, intimidation or threats.