三名意图加入伊斯兰国的索马里裔美国人被判刑

美国明尼苏达州的一位联邦法官判处三名索马里裔美国人有期徒刑，罪名是阴谋向伊斯兰国组织提供物质支持，但是其中两人因与政府配合得到较短的刑期。

得到最长刑期的是扎克里亚∙阿布杜拉赫曼，他被判10年监禁。 检察官本来对阿布杜拉赫曼寻求15年监禁，此案法官迈克尔∙戴维斯解释说，阿布杜拉赫曼得到的刑期最长是因为他拒绝就他的同伙作证。

阿布杜拉赫曼2014年准备搭飞机到希腊然后转机到叙利亚加入伊斯兰国，结果在纽约肯尼迪机场被阻止，但是他次年再次试图前往叙利亚。

星期一被判刑的另外两个人是阿布迪拉扎克∙沃尔萨米与阿卜杜拉∙尤素福，他们都选择与政府配合。沃尔萨米被判30个月监禁，尤素福由于已经被扣押了21个月所以不用再服刑。他们两人都与政府合作提供了同伙的信息。

Jail Sentences Given to 3 Somali-Americans for Plotting to Join IS

A U.S. judge in Minnesota has given jail time to three Somali-Americans found guilty of conspiring to provide material support to Islamic State, but rewarded two of them with lighter sentences for cooperating with the government.

The harshest sentence was given to Zacharia Abdurahman, who got 10 years in prison. The prosecution wanted 15 years in prison for Abdurahman. The judge, Michael Davis, made it clear that Abdurahman received the toughest sentence because he did not testify against his former co-conspirators.

Abdurahman was stopped at JFK airport in New York in 2014 while attempting to travel to Greece on his way to Syria to join Islamic State. The following year he was involved in a second attempt to travel to Syria.

Also sentenced Monday was Abdirazak Warsame and Abdullahi Yusuf, both of whom cooperated with the U.S. government. Warsame received 30 months in prison, while Yusuf got off for time served in prison, the 21 months he already has been in jail. Both testified against some of their former friends.

因泄密入狱的曼宁要求减刑

因泄漏机密文件被判35年监禁的前美军情报分析员切尔西∙曼宁请求奥巴马总统为她减刑。曼宁律师公布了她向奥巴马提交的申请。申请说，美国从未有过因泄漏机密文件而被判如此重刑的先例。

曼宁原任美军驻伊拉克情报分析员，她由于向维基揭密泄漏了70多万份军事机密文件以及军事影像资料而被判35年监禁，她现已服完六年多的刑期。

切尔西∙曼宁过去叫布莱德利∙曼宁，她被判刑后改变性别，从男性变为女性。曼宁上个月被单独关押时曾试图自杀，她就是因为自杀未遂才被单独关押的。

她在写给奥巴马总统的信中说，她现在生活在焦虑，愤怒，无助，失落和抑郁之中。

目前曼宁被关押在堪萨斯州利文沃斯堡军事监狱。曼宁要求的不是赦免，也就是说她的有罪判决不会取消。

Manning Seeks Commuted Sentence for Leaks

U.S. soldier Chelsea Manning, who is serving 35 years in prison for leaking classified documents, is asking President Barack Obama to commute her sentence to time served. She said in her application to the president, released by her attorneys, that there is no historical precedent for such an extreme sentence for leaking documents.

Manning, a former intelligence analyst in Iraq, has served more than six years of a 35-year sentence for leaking more than 700,000 secret military documents as well as battlefield videos to WikiLeaks.

Since being convicted, the soldier, originally called Bradley Manning, has said she identifies as a women. She tried to commit suicide last month while in solitary confinement, where she was placed after an earlier suicide attempt.

Manning wrote in her application to the president that she is living through "a cycle of anxiety, anger, hopelessness, loss and depression."

She is being held at the Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas. Manning is not asking for a pardon, meaning her conviction will stay on her record.