荷兰选民不赞成欧盟-乌克兰贸易协议

荷兰举行了一次没有约束力的公民投票，结果显示选民们不赞成欧盟与乌克兰达成的一项贸易协议。

星期三公投99%的选票已经清点完毕，61%的选民反对这项协议，38%的选民表示赞成。公投结果向荷兰议会发出了一个明确信号，而此前外界曾预计荷兰议会将批准这项协议。

荷兰首相吕特星期三晚间说，荷兰政府将同议会以及欧盟伙伴国进行磋商，以决定下一个步骤。吕特表示，这一过程可能需要“几天或几周时间”。

尽管公投计票已接近完成，但正式结果要等到4月12日才会公布。

荷兰有1250万选民，参加星期三公投的选民人数占选民总数的32.2%，误差3%。参加投票的选民比例达到30%，公投结果才算有效。

Dutch Voters Reject EU-Ukraine Deal

In a non-binding referendum, Dutch voters have signaled that they do not approve of an EU trade deal with Ukraine.

With 99 percent of the votes counted after Wednesday's ballot, 61 percent of voters rejected the deal, while 38 percent approved it. The vote sends a clear signal to the Dutch parliament, which had been expected to ratify the deal.

Prime Minister Mark Rutte said late Wednesday that the Dutch government will consult with parliament and with its European partners to decide what do to next. Rutte cautioned the process could take "days or weeks."

While the vote count is nearly complete, officials results are not due to be released until April 12.

After Wednesday's referendum, turnout among the Netherlands' 12.5 million voters was counted at 32.2 percent, with a margin of error of three percent. Thirty percent turnout was needed to validate the results of the referendum.

巴拿马总统提议审查金融运作方式

巴拿马总统瓦雷拉说，发生巴拿马文件丑闻后，巴拿马政府将设立一个独立委员会，对本国金融运作方式进行审查。

瓦雷拉星期三发表简短电视声明说，由“国内外专家”组成的委员会将评估巴拿马目前的金融业运作方式，并提出建议，以提高金融及法律系统的透明度。瓦雷拉表示，巴拿马将与其他国家分享有关建议，以便采取联合行动，全面提高经济领域的透明度。

与此同时，法国已将巴拿马列入世界避税港的“灰色名单”，并敦促国际经济合作与发展组织采取同样措施。

国际经济合作与发展组织秘书长古里亚说，巴拿马文件泄露事件显示，巴拿马经济领域容忍秘密运作方式，并称巴拿马是最后一个允许客户非法藏匿资产的重要司法管辖区。

Panamanian President Proposes Review of Financial Practices

Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela says the Panamanian government will create an independent commission to review the country's financial practices in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.

Varela said in a brief televised statement Wednesday that the commission will contain "domestic and international experts" to evaluate the country's current practices and propose measures to strengthen transparency of financial and legal systems. Varela said Panama will share those recommendations with other countries so joint action can be taken to boost the overall transparency of the economic sector.

Meanwhile, France has added Panama to its "grey list" of world tax havens and is pushing for the international Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development to do the same.

OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria says the Panama Papers leak has shown the country's economic sector tolerates a "culture of secrecy" and called it the last major jurisdiction allowing clients to hide money from legal authorities.