被伊朗释放的一名美国人回到美国

被伊朗释放的一名美国人星期日晚间抵达美国，而另几名获释的美国人目前还在德国的一家美军医院接受治疗。

波士顿环球报刊登了特里维西克和他母亲在波士顿洛根机场的照片。星期日晚间，特里维西克乘飞机从土耳其飞抵波士顿。他在伊朗埃文监狱被拘禁了一个多月，目前仍不清楚伊朗为何拘禁他。

美国国务卿克里星期日说，特里维西克和另一个美国人鲁德萨利是被“不公正地拘留在伊朗”。

克里星期日宣布，《华盛顿邮报》记者礼萨安、前美国海军陆战队员海克马蒂以及基督教牧师阿贝迪尼已平安抵达德国。礼萨安同他的妻子及母亲在一起。礼萨安的妻子沙列西也是记者。

American Detained in Iran Arrives in US

One of the Americans freed by Iran arrived home late Sunday, while several others were in Germany to receive medical treatment at a U.S. military hospital.

The Boston Globe published a picture of Matthew Trevithick and his mother at Boston's Logan Airport where he arrived late Sunday on a flight from Turkey. He was held for more than a month at Iran's Evin prison for reasons that are not yet clear.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that Trevithick and another American, Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, had been "unjustly held in Iran."

Kerry announced Sunday that Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian, former U.S. Marine Amir Mirzaei Hekmati and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini have safely arrived in Germany. Rezaian was accompanied by his wife, journalist Yeganeh Salehi, and his mother.

美国周一纪念马丁·路德·金诞辰

星期一是美国的全国假日，各地民众纪念被暗杀的民权运动领袖马丁·路德·金的诞辰。

1955年，马丁·路德·金在美国南部城市蒙哥马利成功地领导了一次抵制公交车运动，迫使该市当局取消了对黑人乘客实行种族隔离的做法，他因此名声大噪。在上世纪50、60年代争取民权的运动中，马丁·路德·金成为核心人物，在1963年的华盛顿集会中，他发表了著名的“我有一个梦”的演讲，激励了数以百万计的民众。

马丁·路德·金1964年荣获诺贝尔和平奖，美国总统约翰逊同年签署了具有里程碑意义的民权法案。

马丁·路德·金于1968年4月4月在田纳西州孟菲斯市遇刺身亡，他前往孟菲斯是为了支持争取同工同酬而罢工的收垃圾的美国非洲裔工人。

US Observes Martin Luther King, Jr. Day

Americans across the country are pausing Monday to observe the federal holiday marking the birthday of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr.

King first rose to prominence in 1955 when he led a successful boycott of the public buses in the southern city of Montgomery, Alabama, forcing the city to end its practice of segregating black passengers. He became the central figure of the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and '60s, inspiring millions with his famous "I Have a Dream" speech during the 1963 March on Washington.

He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964, the same year a landmark civil rights bill was signed by President Lyndon Johnson.

King was assassinated on April 4, 1968 in Memphis, Tennessee, where he had traveled to assist striking black garbage workers who were seeking equal pay.