川普发表移民政策讲话之前将前往墨西哥

共和党总统候选人川普星期三在发表演讲解释其移民政策之前，将前往墨西哥同恩里克·培尼亚·涅托总统举行会谈。

在整个竞选活动期间，川普一再宣扬他提出的在美墨边界建立一道围墙，并且让墨西哥政府掏腰包的建议。涅托说这件事绝不会发生。

涅托办公室说，他已经邀请川普和民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿就美墨双边关系举行会谈。涅托还说，他相信通过对话促进墨西哥利益，保护墨西哥人，不论他们身在何处。

克林顿的竞选班子还没有对她是否也计划接受这个邀请作出表态。但是，克林顿的公关部负责人珍妮弗·帕尔米耶里发表了一份声明，对川普有关墨西哥的言论，包括他去年说墨西哥把强奸犯和罪犯送来美国的言论进行了批评。

希拉里∙克林顿赞同边界保护以及全面的移民改革，但是支持給已经在美国的无证移民提供一个获得公民身份的通道。此类立法在国会一直无法推进，众议院的共和党反对者就阻止了由参议院通过并得到奥巴马总统支持的一项计划。

Trump Heads to Mexico Before Giving Immigration Speech

Before making a speech Wednesday explaining his immigration policies, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is going to Mexico for talks with President Enrique Peña Nieto.

Throughout his campaign Trump has repeatedly touted a proposal to build a wall at the U.S.-Mexican border with the Mexican government picking up the cost. Nieto has said there is no way that will happen.

Nieto's office said he has invited both Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for talks about the relationship between the neighboring countries. Nieto added that he believes in dialogue to promote Mexico's interests and "mainly to protect Mexicans wherever they are."

There was no word from the Clinton campaign as to whether she planned to accept the offer as well. But her communications chief Jennifer Palmieri released a statement criticizing Trump's statements about Mexico, including last year saying the country sends rapists and criminals to the U.S.

Clinton favors border protection, but also comprehensive immigration reform, with a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants already in the country. But such legislation has been stalled in Congress, with Republican opponents in the House of Representatives blocking a plan passed by the Senate and supported by President Barack Obama.

韩国称朝鲜处决了前副总理金勇进

韩国说，朝鲜政府一名高层官员已经被处决，还有两人被下放接受再教育，金正恩借此继续加强自己的掌控能力。

韩国统一部发言人郑俊熙说，曾任内阁教育相的金勇进已被处决，但没有透露更多细节。一位不具名的统一部官员后来说，金勇进是上个月被枪决的，他被指在今年6月举行的最高人民会议上“姿态不恭”，后因反党反革命的行为被定罪。

如果这一消息得到证实，这将是金正恩2011年上台以来实施一系列清洗处决中的最新一起。

North Korean Vice Premier Executed, South Korea Says

South Korea says a high-ranking North Korean government official has been executed, and two more banished to re-education camps, as leader Kim Jong Un continues to tighten his grip on power.

South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon Hee says vice premier in charge of education affairs Kim Yong Jin has been executed, but revealed no other details.

An unnamed ministry official later said Kim Yong Jin was put before a firing squad last month after he was accused of exhibiting a "bad attitude" while attending a June parliamentary session. He was condemned for committing "anti-party, anti-revolutionary" acts.

If confirmed, Kim Yong Jin's death would be the latest in a wave of punishments, including executions, ordered by Kim Jong Un since he took power in 2011..