泰国发生爆炸3人丧生

泰国南部省份星期四和星期五24小时内发生一系列爆炸，至少4人死亡，几十人受伤。

爆炸发生在滨海避暑胜地华欣， 海岛入口城镇苏叻他尼，以及董里府南部。

泰国总理巴育说：“爆炸是为了制造混乱和困惑”。他说：“为什么这些爆炸发生在我们国家正迈向稳定，以及经济和旅游好转的时候呢？”

上个星期，几千万泰国人在全民公投中投票通过了军政府支持的宪法。泰国军方领袖说，这个宪法为新的选举铺平了道路，但批评人士认为，新宪法的通过使得军方在日后把持政权合法化了。

3 Killed in Thai Blasts

A series of blasts in Thailand's southern provinces in a 24-hour period Thursday and Friday has killed at least four people and wounded dozens more.

The explosions occurred in the seaside resort of Hua Hin, the island gateway town of Surat Thani and in southern Trang.

"The bombs are an attempt to create chaos and confusion," said junta chief Prayut Chan-o-cha. "Why have the bombs occurred as our country is heading towards stability, a better economy and tourism?"

In a referendum last week, millions of Thais voted to approve a junta-backed constitution the country's military leaders say opens the way to new elections, but critics see it as legitimizing the military’s role in government for years to come.

里约第六日 体操明星拜尔斯绽放异彩

美国体操选手西蒙·拜尔斯已正式跻身于世界最棒的体操运动员之列。星期四，拜尔斯赢得女子体操个人全能冠军，她的队友拉丝曼夺得银牌，俄罗斯选手穆斯塔芬娜获得铜牌。

19岁的拜尔斯被称为她这一代，也可能是历史上最伟大的女子体操运动员。

美国游泳天才菲尔普斯星期四晚上在200米个人混合泳比赛中夺得他的第22枚奥运金牌。在这之前，他已在本届奥运会上夺得了3枚金牌。菲尔普斯的队友罗切特没有菲尔普斯发挥得好，最后50米自由泳落后，最终获得第五名。日本选手滕森鸿昌获得银牌，中国选手汪顺获得铜牌。

在女子100米自由泳比赛中，美国选手嫚纽和加拿大选手奥蕾夏克共享金牌。

Day Six in Rio: Simone Biles Dazzles!

American gymnast Simone Biles is now officially the best gymnast in the world.

Biles on Thursday won the women’s individual all-around contest, while her equally talented teammate Aly Raisman took the silver medal. Russian Aliya Mustafina took the bronze.

The 19-year-old Biles takes her place as the greatest gymnast of her generation and perhaps of all time.

U.S. swimming phenom Michael Phelps earned his 22nd career gold medal in the 200 meter individual medley Thursday night.

Phelps – who already has won three gold medals in Rio – swam in the lane next to American teammate and longtime rival Ryan Lochte. Lochte didn't fare as well as Phelps, coming in fifth after falling behind in the final freestyle leg of the race. Kosuke Hagino of Japan took second, and China’s Wang Shun came in third.

American swimmer Simone Manuel tied for gold in the 100 meter freestyle, sharing the title with Penelope Oleksiak of Canada.