川普在内华达州共和党初选中轻松获胜

亿万富翁川普星期二在美国西部内华达州获得决定性胜利，在其参选共和党候选人的道路上再下一城。

最后计票结果显示，川普赢得46%的选票，遥遥领先于佛罗里达州联邦参议员卢比奥24%的得票率。德克萨斯州联邦参议员克鲁兹赢得21%的选票，位居第三。

本月早些时候，川普在新罕布什尔州和南卡罗莱纳州的共和党初选中胜出，星期二是他连续第3次赢得共和党初选的胜利。3月1日，美国10多个州将同时举行初选，这次胜利使川普在此之前获得了良好的势头。

川普获胜后发表讲话说，尽管分析人士曾预计他在竞选中不会走得很远，但是他目前正在赢得整个国家的支持。他还表示，其他共和党参选人退出后，很多他们的支持者会转而支持川普。

Trump Cruises to Victory in Nevada Republican Caucus

Billionaire Donald Trump won another state in his bid to become the Republican nominee for president with a decisive victory Tuesday in the western U.S. state of Nevada.

Final results showed Trump with 46 percent of the vote, far ahead of Florida Senator Marco Rubio's 24 percent. Texas Senator Ted Cruz finished in third place with 21 percent.

Trump's win is his third straight victory after taking primaries in New Hampshire and South Carolina earlier this month. It also gives him momentum going into an important week in the campaign with a dozen states voting on March 1.

Trump gave a victory speech, saying that despite pundits predicting his campaign would not go far, he is now "winning the country." He also said that when more Republicans drop out, he will pick up a lot of their supporters.

阿萨德：叙利亚愿意协助落实停火计划

叙利亚总统阿萨德向俄罗斯总统普京证实，叙利亚愿意帮助落实预定星期六生效的停火协议。

这两位领导人星期三进行了电话交谈，强调继续打击恐怖组织伊斯兰国组织和努斯拉阵线的重要性。美国和俄罗斯建议结束敌对状态的协议不包括这些激进分子。

其他团体要在星期五之前表明是否参加停火。

叙利亚主要反对派高级谈判委员会说，他们参加停火的先决条件是，运送人道主义援助并结束对平民的围困和空袭。

俄罗斯国际文传电讯社引述俄罗斯外交部发言人佩斯科夫的话说，俄罗斯关注的重点是叙利亚停火，现在谈论任何备选计划还为时过早。

Assad: Syria Ready to Help Implement Cease-fire Plan

Syrian President Bashar al-Assad confirmed to his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin that Syria is ready to help implement a cease-fire planned to begin on Saturday.

The two leaders spoke by telephone Wednesday and highlighted the importance of continuing to fight terror groups such as Islamic State and Jabhat al-Nusra. The militants are not part of a U.S.-Russian proposal for a cessation of hostilities.

Other groups are supposed to say by Friday whether they are taking part.

The main opposition High Negotiations Committee has said its participation is contingent on the delivery of humanitarian aid and the end of sieges and airstrikes against civilians.

Russia's Interfax news agency quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying the cease-fire is the government's main focus in Syria and that it is premature to talk about any backup plan.