万余伊拉克人逃离摩苏尔

国际移民组织说，从伊斯兰国极端分子手中收复伊拉克北部城市摩苏尔的战役开始以来，已有一万多伊拉克民众流离失所。

由伊拉克政府军、库尔德战斗人员、逊尼派部落人员和什叶派民兵参加的进攻上星期开始，目前已夺取了这座伊拉克第二大城市周边的一些村镇。

联合国上星期警告，夺取摩苏尔战斗最初几个星期内，可能有高达20万民众流离失所，人道团体开始阶段只能应对约7万人的援助需求。

伊拉克的“流离与难民事务部”星期三表示，流离失所的人口数量不断增加，星期二出现了摩苏尔战役开始以来数量最多的一次民众逃离“浪潮”，人数多达3300人。

联合国星期二表示，他们得到的初步报告显示，伊斯兰国战斗人员在摩苏尔周围进行非法处决和随意处决，其中包括极端分子利用平民作为人肉盾牌的情况。

More Than 10,000 Iraqis Have Fled Mosul Area

The International Organization for Migration says more than 10,000 Iraqis have been displaced since the start of an operation to retake the northern city of Mosul from Islamic State militants.

The offensive, which involves Iraqi government troops, Kurdish fighters, Sunni tribesman and Shi'ite militias, began last week and has so far involved capturing town and villages surrounding Iraq's second largest city.

The United Nations warned last week that as many as 200,000 people could be displaced in the initial weeks of the fight for Mosul, and that humanitarian groups would initially be able to handle about 70,000 people in need of aid.

Iraq's displacement and migration ministry said Wednesday the number of displaced was increasing, and that on Tuesday there was a "big wave" of 3,300 people in what was considered the largest number of people fleeing since the Mosul operation began.

The United Nations said Tuesday it had preliminary reports of extrajudicial killings and summary executions by Islamic State fighters around Mosul, including the militants using civilians as human shields.

冈比亚退出国际刑事法院

冈比亚星期二指责国际刑事法院无视“战争罪行”，因此要退出这个国际机构；成为继南非，布隆迪本月早些时候退出后，又一个退出国际刑事法院的非洲国家。

冈比亚新闻部长博江指责国际刑事法院种族歧视，以不公正的方式针对非洲人进行起诉。

国际刑事法院的10项调查9项涉及非洲国家， 因此一些冈比亚人认为国际刑事法院无视其他国家发生的罪行。

冈比亚政府在声明中说，“自国际刑事法院成立以来，很多西方国家，至少有30个，对其他独立主权国家和它们的公民犯下罪行，但是没有一个西方战争罪犯被起诉。”

冈比亚总统叶海亚∙贾梅本周早些时候要求国际法院调查非洲移民死于地中海的事件。冈比亚政府在声明中说，他们要求法院起诉欧洲联盟，但是未收到回复。

Gambia Withdraws From International Criminal Court

Gambia accused the International Criminal Court of ignoring “war crimes” Tuesday as it withdrew from the institution Tuesday, following in the footsteps of South Africa and Burundi, which withdrew from the court earlier this month.

Gambia’s Information Minister Sheriff Bojang accused the court system of being racist and unfairly targeting Africans for prosecution.

All but one of the 10 investigations launched so-far by the ICC have taken place in African countries, leading some in Gambia to believe it was ignoring crimes in other countries.

"There are many Western countries, at least 30, that have committed heinous war crimes against independent sovereign states and their citizens since the creation of the ICC and not a single Western war criminal has been indicted," the Gambian government said in a statement.

Earlier this week, Gambian President Yahya Jammeh asked the court to investigate African migrant deaths in the Mediterranean Sea. In its statement, Gambia said it asked the court to bring charges against the European Union over the migrant deaths, but received no response.