拜登：美将倾听土要引渡居伦的每一件证据

美国副总统拜登说，白宫决心在决定是否引渡穆斯林教士居伦之前，倾听土耳其提供的“每一丁点证据”。

居伦现居美国东部的宾夕法尼亚州。土耳其要求美国立即将其引渡回国，指责他组织了上个月的未遂政变，对此居伦予以否认。

拜登星期三在安卡拉会晤了土耳其总统埃尔多安。他设法避开埃尔多安急不可待的要求，解释说美国法庭要求在将一名嫌疑人送交另外一个国家之前必须有确凿的证据。

拜登说：“你不能到法庭上说：这是一个‘坏家伙’，你必须说：‘这个男人或女人从事了如下明确的犯罪活动’。”

拜登说，检察官需要向法官表明这么做有合理的理由，有时法庭进展非常缓慢。拜登指出，奥巴马总统如果未经恰当听审，就擅自下令引渡一名外国公民，有可能会受到弹劾。

土耳其总理耶伊尔德勒姆说，任何拖延送交居伦的行为，都有可能损害美土关系。

拜登说，他理解土耳其的愤怒，但表示美国无意保护任何一个从事过伤害其盟国的人。

土耳其逮捕或解雇了8万名政府雇员、法官和学者。它认为，这些人或是居伦的支持者，或参与了由一些反叛军官发动的未遂政变。

Biden: US Will Listen to 'Every Scrap of Evidence' in Gulen Extradition Request

U.S. Vice President Joe Biden says the White House is determined to listen to "every scrap of evidence" Turkey provides before deciding if it will extradite Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen.

Gulen lives in the eastern state of Pennsylvania, and Turkey is demanding his immediate extradition, accusing him of organizing last month's failed military coup -- a charge he denies.

Biden met in Ankara Wednesday with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. He tried to head off Erdogan's impatience by explaining that American courts require firm evidence before a suspect is surrendered to another country.

"You can't go into the court and say, 'This is a bad guy'... you have to say 'this is a guy or woman who committed the following explicit crime,'" Biden said.

He said prosecutors need to show a judge probable cause, and that sometimes courts move slowly. Biden noted that President Barack Obama could be impeached if he orders a foreign national extradited without a proper hearing.

Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim has said any delay in sending Gulen back to Turkey could harm U.S.-Turkish relations.

Biden said he understands Turkey's anger, and said the U.S. has no interest in protecting anyone who has done anything to hurt one of its allies.

Turkey has arrested or fired 80,000 government workers, judges and academics it believes are Gulen supporters or were involved in the coup attempt launched by a group of renegade military officers.

阿富汗大学遭袭击，至少十人死亡，30人受伤

阿富汗警方说，位于喀布尔的阿富汗美国大学遭遇的近10小时袭击星期四已经结束，至少有10人丧生，超过37人受伤。

阿富汗内政部发言人塞迪奇说，死者包括七名学生、两名警官和一名警卫。一位外教也受了伤。喀布尔警方负责人拉希米说，被困在校园内的700多名教职员工和学生已经获救。

袭击开始于当地时间周三晚上6点半左右，安全部队作出回应后，交火持续了近一个小时。有关官员形容这次袭击“错综复杂”。警方说，至少有2名袭击者被打死。

一位被困在校园内的学生曾通过电话对路透社说，他和其他人藏在一间教室内，可以听到外面传来阵阵枪声。

从学校逃出来的学生胡赛尼对美联社说，他一度也和其他学生被困在一间教室内，他们用桌椅顶着门把自己防护起来，最后通过学校北边的应急大门设法逃脱。

现在还没有激进组织声称对袭击负责。美国国务院谴责这次暴力袭击，称它是对“阿富汗未来的袭击”。

At Least 10 Dead, 30 Wounded as Afghanistan University Attack Ends

Afghanistan police say at least 10 people are dead and more than 37 wounded after a nearly 10-hour long attack on the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul ended Thursday.

The dead include seven students, two police officers and a security guard. A foreign teacher was among the injured, Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said. More than 700 staff and students were rescued after being trapped inside the university complex, Kabul Police Chief Abdul Rahman Rahimi added.

The attack began with an explosion around 6:30 pm Wednesday local time and set off about an hour of gunfire as security forces responded. Officials described the assault as a "complex attack." Police officials said at least two attackers had been killed.

One student trapped on campus told Reuters news agency by phone that he was holed up inside a classroom with some other people. He said they were hearing bursts of gunfire outside.

A student who escaped, Massoud Hossaini, told the Associated Press that he, too, had been trapped with some other students in a classroom, where they barricaded themselves inside by pushing chairs and desks against the door. He said they eventually managed to escape through the university's northern emergency gate.

There are no claims of responsibility from militant groups. The U.S. State Department condemned the violence and called it an "attack on the future of Afghanistan."