伊拉克官员爆炸袭击事件后辞职

巴格达星期天发生的重大袭击事件引起政治效应，伊拉克内政部长提出辞职。

穆罕默德∙哈班星期二把权力移交给内政部副部长，等待伊拉克总理阿巴迪考虑他的辞呈。这次卡车自杀炸弹袭击造成至少175人丧生，公众的愤怒直指阿巴迪本人。

伊斯兰国激进分子对这次炸弹袭击承担责任，说他们的袭击目标是什叶派穆斯林。

这次袭击正值穆斯林斋月进入尾声，联合国的伊拉克事务特使库比什原本希望在这段时间里暴力事件会暂时停顿。联合国人权事务高级专员扎伊德∙拉阿德∙侯赛因也对无辜者被害表示痛惜，谴责逊尼派极端组织伊斯兰国的行为是“可怕的暴行“。

Iraq Official Resigns After Devastating Bombing

Iraq's interior minister has offered to resign, part of the political fallout from Sunday's devastating attack in Baghdad.

Mohammed Ghabban Tuesday handed over authority to his deputy until the offer is considered by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, himself the target of public rage after a suicide truck bombing killed at least 175 people.

Islamic State militants claimed responsibility for the bombing, saying they were targeting Shi'ites.

The attack came near the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, a time when U.N. envoy for Iraq Jan Kubis had hoped there would be a lull in violence. U.N. Human Rights High Commissioner Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein also deplored the loss of innocent lives and condemned, what he called, this latest "horrendous atrocity" by the extremist Sunni group Islamic State.

法国议会委员会呼吁情报系统改革

法国议会对去年巴黎伤亡惨重的恐怖袭击进行调查后呼吁建议一个单一的国家反恐机构。

该委员会星期二发表报告提出了30多项建议，全面改组国家情报系统结构是其中之一。

他们的调查发现，赛义德∙库拉齐和谢里夫∙库拉齐两兄弟1月7日对讽刺杂志查理周刊发动袭击前的几个月，法国情报机构就找不到这两人的踪迹了。那次袭击造成12人丧生。

调查委员会负责人费内克说，法国情报机构主管在调查中承认，查理周刊遭到的袭击，以及10个月后巴塔克兰音乐厅，一个体育馆和几家酒吧餐馆受到的协调袭击，代表了“全球情报的失败”。这两次袭击事件共造成147人丧生。

French Parliamentary Panel Calls for Intelligence Reforms

A French parliamentary inquiry into last year's deadly terror attacks in Paris is calling for the creation of a single national anti-terrorism agency.

The suggested overhaul of the nation's intelligence services is one of just more than three dozen recommendations made by the commission in a report released Tuesday

The inquiry found the intelligence services lost track of Said Kouachi just months before he and his brother Cherif carried out the January 7 attack on the offices of the weekly Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine that left 12 people dead.

Georges Fenech (zhorzh fen-EK), the head of the commission that conducted the inquiry, says France's intelligence chiefs admitted during the inquiry that the attack on Charlie Hebdo, and the coordinated attacks on the Bataclan concert hall, a sports stadium and several bars and restaurants 10 months later, represented a "global intelligence failure. "

A total of 147 people were killed in the two attacks.