川普称总统大选存在舞弊

美国当选总统川普星期天在没有提供证据的情况下表示，这次大选存在选举舞弊。

川普在推特上说，“如果减去非法投下的数百万张票”，他的全国大众票数就会击败前民主党候选人希拉里∙克林顿。四个小时后，川普又对11月8号大选中他输给希拉里∙克林顿的三个州的选举结果提出疑问。

川普说：“维吉尼亚、新罕布什尔和加州都出现了严重的选举舞弊，为什么媒体没有报道？这是严重的偏见。”

加州州务卿艾里克斯∙帕蒂拉回应说，川普的说法“没有根据、缺乏建设性意义”。他还表示，川普这样做是不负责任的。

川普近日还批评绿党候选人斯坦恩与克林顿竞选班子推动在威斯康辛州重新点票的努力。川普在威斯康辛州一微弱多数而胜出。

任何州的重新点票都必须在12月13号前完成。

Trump Alleges Fraud in Election He Won

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump renewed Sunday his unsubstantiated allegations of vote fraud in the election he won earlier this month.

He wrote in Twitter that he would have defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in the nationwide popular vote "if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally." Four hours later, he called into question the results in three states he lost to Clinton on November 8.

"Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California -- so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias -- big problem!"

California Secretary of State Alex Padilla called Trump's latest statements Sunday "baseless and counterproductive," and said Trump was acting irresponsibly.

Trump in recent days also criticized an effort by Green Party candidate Jill Stein, later joined by Clinton's campaign, to call for a recount of the vote in the state of Wisconsin, which Trump narrowly won.

The state must meet a federal deadline of December 13 to complete the recount.

南非将开始HIV疫苗试验

一种新的预防HIV的疫苗将在南非投入临床试验，这种疫苗有可能安全地预防造成艾滋病的HIV病毒的感染。

根据美国国立卫生研究院的声明，HVTN 702 是迄今在南非进行的最大规模、最先进的HIV疫苗临床试验。南非有大约7百万人携带HIV病毒。

美国国立卫生研究院下属的国家过敏和传染病研究院院长安东尼∙福奇表示，这项新研究是根据美国军方艾滋病毒研究项目和泰国卫生部先前在泰国进行的一项研究而制定的。

这次试验准备从南非的15个地点招收5400名18到35岁有性行为的男性和女性。在南非，每天感染HIV病毒的新患者超过1000人。

这次临床试验结果预计将于2020年公布。

HIV Vaccine Trial To Begin In South Africa

A new clinical trial is taking place in South Africa on an experimental vaccine that could safely prevent infection with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.

According to a statement from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the HVTN 702 is the largest and most advanced HIV vaccine clinical trial to take place in South Africa, where some 7 million people are living with the virus.

The director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), which is part of the NIH, Anthony S. Fauci said the new study is based on the one conducted in Thailand led by the U.S. Military HIV Research Program and the Thai Ministry of Health.

The study is expected to enroll 5,400 sexually active men and women between 18 and 35 at 15 sites across South Africa where more than 1,000 people a day are infected with HIV.

Results of the clinical trial are expected in 2020.