美国军方拟向利比亚提供训练及装备

美国非洲司令部司令星期二说，利比亚政府做好准备后，美国军方即可提供训练及装备的支持，打击利比亚境内的伊斯兰国激进分子。

美国非洲司令部司令罗德里格斯将军还表示，利比亚国内政局不明朗，不清楚哪些武装组织是与利比亚政府并肩作战的，美国只能依靠利比亚临时政府来确定哪些部分是跟他们站在一起的，哪些部分正在向他们靠拢。

联合国对利比亚实行武器禁运，以免致命武器落入恐怖分子或谋求夺权的民兵手中。

然而，星期一维也纳国际会谈结束后发布的联合公报显示，包括美国在内的一些国家已准备为利比亚政府提供武器和支援，以打击伊斯兰国。

U.S. Military Prepared to Provide Libya with Training and Equipment

The U.S. military is "prepared to support" a train-and-equip mission to fight the thousands of Islamic State militants in Libya when the Libyan government is ready for it, the head of U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) said Tuesday.

AFRICOM commander General David Rodriguez added that Libya's internal politics have made it unclear which armed groups are fighting alongside the Libyan Government of National Accord (GNA), leaving the U.S. "really dependent" on the Libyan interim government to determine "who is with them and who is moving over to them."

Libya is under a U.N. arms embargo, imposed to keep lethal weapons away from terrorists and militias vying for power.

However, a joint communique issued after international talks Monday in Vienna signaled that international powers, including the U.S., are set to provide arms and support to the Libyan government to fight Islamic State.

国际奥委会：2008奥运会31运动员服兴奋剂

作为对奥运会兴奋剂欺诈的一次重大打击，国际奥委会宣布，31名运动员可能被禁止参加今年在巴西里约热内卢举行的奥运会。在此之前，对这些运动员在2008年奥运会时的采样进行重新检测后，发现违禁药物反应呈阳性。

国际奥委会说，他们已开始对来自12个国家的这31名运动员进行处置，他们在北京奥运会上参加了6项体育比赛。

国际奥委会最近对来自北京2008年奥运会的454份兴奋剂检查采样进行重新测试。国际奥委会官员说，他们同时也在等待对250份2012年伦敦奥运会的采样重新检测的结果。

国际奥委会说，重测的主要对象是那些可能在8月参加里约热内卢奥运会的运动员。

国际奥委会在网站上发表声明说，“所有违反兴奋剂规则的运动员将被禁止参加奥运会。”

国际奥委会表示，还将对北京和伦敦奥运会的获奖运动员们进行更广泛的重新测试。获奖运动员被取消资格后可能得到奖牌的运动员的采样也将被重新测试。

国际奥委会还呼吁世界反兴奋剂机构（WADA）就2014年索契冬奥会期间俄罗斯官员篡改兴奋剂检测结果的指控展开“全面彻底的调查”。

IOC: 31 Athletes From 2008 Olympics Test Positive for Doping

In a major crackdown of Olympic drug cheats, the International Olympic Commission announced that 31 athletes could be banned from this year's Olympic Games in Rio after a re-testing of their samples from the 2008 Olympic Games, came back positive for banned substances.

The IOC says it has begun disciplinary actions against the 31 athletes who come from 12 countries and competed in six sports in the Beijing Games.

The positive tests came amid a recent re-testing of 454 doping samples from the 2008 Beijing Olympics. IOC officials say they are also awaiting results from re-testing of 250 samples from the 2012 Games in London.

The IOC says the testing focused on athletes who could compete in August at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.

"All those athletes infringing anti-doping rules will be banned from competing at the Olympic Games," the IOC said in a statement on its website.

The IOC says it will also undertake a wider re-testing program of medalists from the Beijing and London games. Samples of athletes who could be awarded medals after the disqualification of others will also be re-tested.

The IOC said it has also called on the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to launch a "fully fledged investigation" into allegations that drug testing at the 2014 Sochi Olympics was subverted by Russian officials.