厄瓜多尔地震死亡人数上升

厄瓜多尔总统说，上周六强地震后的重建将耗资数十亿美元，至少413人在地震中丧生。

科雷亚星期一视察了东北部城镇波托维耶霍，现场了解这场7.8级强震造成的破坏。波托维耶霍以及附近城市曼塔和佩德纳莱斯的灾情最重，不过地震给厄瓜多尔全国各地都造成了不同程度的破坏。

厄瓜多尔救援人员从一个被地震摧毁的购物中心的瓦砾中救出3人，他们已经被困超过32小时。

这次地震是厄瓜多尔半个多世纪以来最严重的一次自然灾害。地震造成2500多人受伤，成千上万人无家可归。遇难者包括三名古巴医生，一个来自北爱尔兰的天主教传教修女，两个加拿大人和一个美国人。

数以千计的士兵和警察被派往厄瓜多尔各地，展开紧急救援，包括提供临时避难所和食物。此外，来自西班牙，秘鲁，古巴，玻利维亚和委内瑞拉等很多国家的几十名救援工作者也陆续抵达，提供救援。联合国表示，准备空投大量紧急救援物资。

Death Toll Rises in Ecuador Quake

Ecuador's president says rebuilding from Saturday's powerful earthquake that killed at least 413 people will cost billions of dollars.

Rafael Correa visited the northeastern town of Portoviejo Monday for a firsthand look at the devastation caused by the 7.8 magnitude earthquake. Portoviejo, along with

the nearby cities of Manta and Pedernales, were among the worst affected, although damage was widespread throughout the country.

Three people were pulled out alive from the rubble of a shopping center in Manta after being trapped for 32 hours.

The quake, Ecuador's worst natural disaster in more than half a century, injured more than 2,500 people and left thousands homeless. The death toll includes three Cuban doctors,

a Catholic missionary nun from Northern Ireland, two Canadians and one U.S. national.

Thousands of soldiers and police have been deployed throughout Ecuador to provide emergency relief, including temporary shelters and food. In addition, scores of aid workers from dozens of nations, including Spain, Peru, Cuba, Bolivia and Venezuela, have arrived to assist in the relief efforts, and the United Nations said it is preparing to airlift tons of emergency supplies.

塔利班在喀布尔发动炸弹枪击袭击

塔利班叛乱分子星期二上午在阿富汗首都喀布尔进行爆炸和枪击，造成多人死伤。

这次袭击的目标是一座大楼。有关官员说，楼里驻扎着阿富汗安全部队一个专门负责保护政府官员的特别小组。袭击是上午9点左右发生的，当时一名自杀爆炸手引爆了一辆装满炸药的汽车。

有关官员和居民说，袭击者和阿富汗安全部队进行了激烈的枪战。

阿富汗卫生部发言人在喀布尔对美国之音说，救援人员已将198名伤者送到喀布尔几家医院。

阿富汗总统阿尼对袭击进行了“最强烈的”谴责，并说有多人死伤。

他表示，这次袭击明确显示塔利班在与阿富汗安全部队的正面作战中已被击败。

塔利班发言人穆贾希德发送给记者一份声明，宣称对袭击负责。

Taliban Stages Bomb-and-Gun Assault in Kabul

A group of Taliban insurgents staged a bomb-and-gun attack in the Afghan capital Kabul Tuesday morning, causing many casualties.

The assault targeted a building, which officials say, houses a special unit of the Afghan security force responsible for protecting government officials. It began at around 9 a.m local time with a suicide bomber detonating his explosives-laden vehicle.

An intense gunfight between the assailants and Afghan security forces is currently underway, say officials and residents.

A health ministry spokesman in Kabul told VOA that rescue workers have so far brought 198 wounded people to hospitals in the capital city.

Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has condemned the attack "in the strongest possible terms" and says many people have been killed and wounded.

He said the attack "clearly shows the enemy's defeat in the face-to-face battle" with Afghan security forces.

Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid, in a statement sent to reporters, claimed responsibility for the attack.