美洲持续最长的战争以签署和平协议告终

哥伦比亚政府和一个全国游击队组织将于星期一签署一项最终和平协议，从而结束了西半球持续时间最长的反叛运动。

美国政府一位高级官员形容说：“这意味着最初受古巴和前苏联意识形态影响对西半球民主体制发动的最后一场全面游击战就此结束。”

哥伦比亚政府与“哥伦比亚革命军”之间的冲突，被认为造成了逾25万人丧生，至少5百万人流离失所。哥伦比亚革命军资金的主要来源是非法的可卡因产业。

16个国家的首脑以及20多个国家的外长，包括美国国务卿克里，预计将参加在加勒比海港口城市卡塔赫纳会议中心举行的签字仪式。这个城市始建于16世纪。

The Americas' Longest War to End with Peace Accord

A final peace agreement between Colombia’s government and a national guerilla movement is to be signed Monday, bringing to an end the longest-running insurgency in the Western hemisphere.

“It’s the end of the last full-blown guerrilla warfare inspired originally by Cuban and Soviet ideology against democratic institutions in this hemisphere,” is how it is characterized by a senior U.S. administration official.

The conflict between the government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), whose funding was primarily derived from the country’s illicit cocaine industry, is blamed for leaving dead more than 250,000 people and displacing at least five million.

Sixteen heads of state and two dozen foreign ministers, including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, are expected to attend the signing ceremony at the convention center in the Caribbean port city of Cartagena, founded in the 16th century.

周一的川普-克林顿辩论可能成为竞选的决定性时刻

这可能是2016年总统竞选的决定性时刻。

据估计，星期一，民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿和共和党总统候选人唐纳德·川普的首次辩论有可能吸引1亿观众，届时人们将有机会对首次同台的候选人进行评估。

这次辩论对两位候选人都利害攸关。观众们不仅会留心他们所说的话，还会留心他们说话的方式，以及二人彼此间的应对。

这场辩论将成为川普的关键时刻。最近几周，他缩小了与民主党人克林顿之间的民调差距，部分原因是他显得比过去更加自律，而且把重点放在了他的中心议题上。

川普在佛罗里达州迈尔斯堡的一个集会上对支持者们说：“我们要使美国再次强大起来。我们要使美国再次安全起来，我们要使美国再次伟大起来。”佛罗里达州是关键的摇摆州之一，川普在最近的民调中已经与克林顿持平。

就克林顿而言，她期待通过这次辩论安抚她的支持者们，并推行她提出的希望建立一个更具包容性经济的信息，正如她最近在佛罗里达州奥兰多的一次集会上所说：“我们都是有价值的人。在美国这个世界上最伟大的国家，我们认为人人生而平等。”

川普和克林顿似乎正在以不同的方式为辩论做准备。克林顿花很多时间在辩论练习上，包括与扮演川普的人进行模拟对决等。

川普的准备工作据报没有那么耗时和紧张。他在宾州一个集会上抨击克林顿说，“有人说她一直在练习辩论，也有些人认为她在睡觉。”

民主党人希望在首次辩论中川普会表现出他更为鲁莽的一面，就如他在一些共和党初选辩论中所表现出的那样。但川普新竞选团队的人员最近成功地帮助他保持专注，更少因进行人身攻击的诱惑而分心。

Monday's Trump-Clinton Debate Could be Defining Moment in Presidential Campaign

It could be the defining moment of the 2016 campaign.

Monday’s first presidential debate between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump may draw, by some estimates, 100 million viewers, who will be able to take the measure of the candidates for the first time on the same stage together.

The stakes for both contenders are enormous. Viewers will not only be paying attention to what is said, but how it’s said and how the candidates react to one another.

The debate will be a key moment for Trump, who has closed the polling gap in recent weeks against Democrat Hillary Clinton in part because he has presented himself as more disciplined than he has in the past. He has also focused on his central theme.

“We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again!” Trump told supporters at a rally in Fort Myers, Florida, one of the critical swing states where he has drawn even with Clinton in recent polls.

For her part, Clinton looks to the debate to reassure her supporters and to push her message of wanting to build a more inclusive economy, as she did during a recent rally in Orlando, Florida. “We are all of value. In the United States of America, the greatest country in the world, we believe everyone is created equal!”

Trump and Clinton appear to be prepping for the debates in different ways. Clinton has spent a lot of time in debate practice, including mock face-offs with surrogates portraying Trump.

Trump’s advance work has been reportedly less time-consuming and intense. He also took a swipe at Clinton during a rally in Pennsylvania. “Well, they say she has been practicing for the debate. Some people think she’s sleeping.”

Democrats hope a more reckless version of Trump shows up in the first debate, more in keeping with his past performances in some of the Republican primary debates. But Trump's new campaign staff seems to have had some success of late in keeping him focused and less distracted by the temptation of launching personal attacks.