瑞典外交官: 争取被朝鲜关押美国公民获释是“工作重点”

被朝鲜关押的两名美国公民已经几个月未获准得到领事探视，代表美国利益的瑞典驻平壤大使馆表示，目前正在竭尽全力争取他们获释安全返回美国。

瑞典驻平壤大使斯蒂尔尼奧夫本周告诉美国之音说，帮助这些被扣押的美国公民是瑞典大使馆的首要任务之一。

过去一年里，朝鲜以损害国家利益罪判处两位美国公民监禁。出生于韩国的韩裔美国公民金东柱今年四月以间谍罪和盗窃国家机密罪被判处10年劳教。金东柱据报自从被逮捕后从未获得领事探视。

金东柱被判刑之前，来自美国维吉尼亚大学的学生奥托.瓦姆比尔被控盗窃饭店政治宣传品被判刑15年。

美国国务院呼吁美国公民避免到朝鲜旅行。国务院说，过去10年至少有14名美国人曾被朝鲜扣押。

Swedish Envoy: US Detainees in North Korea 'High on Agenda'

With the denial of consular access to two U.S. citizens detained in North Korea continuing for months, the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang, which acts on behalf of the United States, said it is currently making all-out efforts to accelerate their safe return home.

Torkel Stiernlöf, Swedish ambassador to Pyongyang, told VOA this week the communist state’s detention of American citizens is one of the embassy’s primary concerns.

Over the past year, North Korea locked up two American citizens for crimes against the state. One of the detainees is Kim Dong Chul, a South Korean-born U.S. citizen, was sentenced to 10 years of hard labor in April on charges of espionage and stealing state secrets. Kim has reportedly not been allowed consular access since his arrest.

Kim’s sentence came on the heels of a 15-year sentence given to Otto Warmbier, a University of Virginia student suspected of stealing a propaganda poster from a North Korean hotel.

The U.S. State Department is urging U.S. citizens to avoid travel to the North. At least 14 U.S. citizens have been detained in the country in the past 10 years, according to the State Department.

克林顿川普同时到北卡竞选 继续相互抨击

希拉里∙克林顿和川普星期四晚上都出现在赢得大选的必争之地－北卡罗来纳州竞选。

希拉里∙克林顿党内初选时的竞争对手桑德斯参议员在北卡首府罗利的竞选集会上介绍克林顿出场；同时，共和党候选人川普在距离不远的萨尔玛参加一个军队支持者的集会。

两人照例互相攻击对方没有当总统的资格，同时呼吁他们的支持者一定要去参加投票。

克林顿早些时候在北卡格林维尔的集会上提醒人们川普“永远把自己放在第一位，根本不在乎他的举动会伤害别人。” 克林顿说，川普无法控制侮辱妇女和少数族裔的冲动，她还批评川普不具备当总统的经验和能力，会给国家带来危险。

奥巴马总统在佛罗里达州为克林顿助选。他在杰克逊维尔的集会上告诫选民不要认为胜券在握而放松警惕。他说：“你们有机会创造历史，千万不要放过这个机会。”

奥巴马总统还批评参议院共和党人拒绝讨论他提名的最高法院大法官人选，说要等到新总统产生才讨论这个问题。不过，很多参议员已表示，将阻止希拉里提名的任何人选。

共和党候选人川普星期四也来到杰克逊维尔。他预测，即使克林顿赢得大选，她也会因为担任国务卿期间的电邮和克林顿基金会的问题而受到弹劾。

川普还提醒支持者们，前总统比尔∙克林顿1998年就曾经被弹劾，原因是他在和白宫实习生莱温斯基的丑闻上撒谎。

与此同时，克林顿的副总统候选人搭档蒂姆∙凯恩参议员星期四在亚利桑那竞选时全程用西班牙语发表演讲，成为第一个全程用西班牙语发表竞选演说的主要政党候选人。亚利桑那州传统上共和党支持率比较高，不过那里的拉丁裔人口越来越多，这些人反对川普的限制移民以及在美墨边界建造隔离墙的计划。

星期四公布的两项重要民调显示，克林顿在可能参加投票的选民中领先，纽约时报和CBS新闻的联合民调显示克林顿得票率45%，川普42%，华盛顿邮报和ABC新闻的联合民调显示克林顿为47%，川普为45%。

Clinton, Trump Hold Dueling Speeches in North Carolina

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump held simultaneous dueling campaign rallies Thursday night in North Carolina -- a state either one must win if they want to win the White House next Tuesday.

Her former rival for the Democratic nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders, introduced Clinton in Raleigh, while Republican Trump was a short distance away, speaking to a largely pro-military crowd in Selma.

Both traded the usual insults about the other's fitness for office while appealing to their followers that their vote matters.

Earlier in Greenville, North Carolina, Clinton warned that Trump "always puts himself first and doesn't care who gets hurt along the way." She said Trump simply cannot help himself when he insults women and minorities, adding that he is out of his depth and very dangerous.

Clinton's top booster, President Barack Obama, campaigned for her in another must win state -- Florida. At a rally in Jacksonville, Obama noted that the polls are close, and said the outcome cannot be taken for granted. "You have this precious chance to shape history. Don't let it slip away."

Obama also tore into Senate Republicans who have refused to consider his Supreme Court nominee, saying they want to wait until there is a new president first. But many of those senators are now vowing that they will block anyone Clinton nominates.

Trump also was in Jacksonville Thursday, predicting that if Clinton wins, she would be impeached over her emails and questions about the Clinton Foundation charity when she was secretary of state.

He did not let the crowd forget that her husband, former President Bill Clinton, was impeached in 1998 for lying about an affair with a White House intern.

Meanwhile, Clinton's vice presidential running mate Tim Kaine made history in Arizona Thursday, becoming the first major party candidate to make a campaign speech entirely in Spanish. Arizona is a traditionally Republican state. But its growing Hispanic population opposes Trump's plans to restrict immigration and build a wall along the Mexican border, and they are being encouraged not to stay home on election day.

Two new major national polls Thursday showed Clinton edging ahead of Trump among likely voters, with The New York Times/CBS News poll giving her a 45-to-42 percent lead and The Washington Post-ABC News poll showing her with a 47-45 advantage.