哥伦比亚领导人公投失败后设法恢复和平协议

哥伦比亚选民在全民公投中出人意料地拒绝了政府与左派哥伦比亚革命武装力量签署的旨在结束52年内战的和平协议之后，哥伦比亚政治领袖正在寻找前进的方向。

桑托斯总统计划星期一同所有政党举行会晤，并下令他的谈判代表返回古巴哈瓦那。四年的和谈一直是在哈瓦那举行的。

选民们星期天以百分之50.2比 49.7的微弱多数，也就是仅以5万4千张选票的优势，拒绝了这项协议。投票前的民调预测，公投将以二比一的优势获得通过。

桑托斯总统和叛军领袖誓言要继续推动和平进程。但是，双方似乎没有后备方案，目前还不清楚他们将如何挽救这个协议。

Colombian Leaders Try To Revive Peace Deal After Referendum Defeat

Political leaders in Colombia are looking for a way forward after voters unexpectedly rejected a peace deal with leftist FARC rebels that would have ended a 52-year-old war.

President Juan Manuel Santos plans to meet Monday with all political parties and has ordered his negotiators to return to Havana, Cuba, where four years of peace talks had taken place.

Voters narrowly rejected the deal 50.2 percent to 49.7, or by a margin of just 54,000 votes. Public opinion polls going into Sunday's voting forecast the referendum would pass by a two-to-one margin.

Santos and rebel leaders are vowing to push ahead with the peace process, though it is unclear how they can save the deal since there appears to be no plan B.

基地组织叙利亚分支的头目在空袭中丧生

今年初从基地组织分离出来的叙利亚伊斯兰组织的一个高层头目星期一在一次空袭行动中丧生。

“征服叙利亚阵线”的前身是“努斯拉阵线”。该组织说，阿布·法拉伊·马斯里在西北部的伊德利卜省驾车时遇袭身亡。

美国军方说，美军在这个地区针对马斯里实施了一次空袭，但是有关官员仍在对空袭结果进行评估。

五角大楼发言人库克说，埃及公民马斯里曾与前基地组织头目本拉登有联系。本拉登2011年在巴基斯坦被美国特种部队击毙。马斯里也曾是死去的基地组织头目扎瓦希里的同伴。

库克在一份声明中说：“他的死如果得到证实，将破坏并降低基地组织高层头目和极端分子之间的相互协调。”

Airstrike Kills Senior Al-Qaida Leader in Syria

An airstrike Monday killed a senior leader in the Syrian Islamist group that split from al-Qaida earlier this year.

Jabhat Fatah al-Sham, the group formally known as Jabhat al-Nusra, said Abu al-Farai al-Masri was killed when his vehicle was struck in the northwestern Idlib province.

The U.S. military says it carried out an airstrike in the area targeting Masri, but that officials were still assessing the results.

Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook said the Egyptian national Masri had ties to former al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden, who was killed by U.S. special forces in Pakistan in 2011. Masri was also a companion of now-deceased al-Qaida leader Ayman al-Zawahri.

"His death, if confirmed, would disrupt and degrade coordination among senior AQ leaders and extremists," Cook said in a statement.